What interests you about working for Arc'teryx?



As a brand I love and admire, Arc’teryx continues to impress me with its creativity and commitment to innovation. The fact that Arc’teryx has become a well-known Metro Vancouver staple shows me there is great potential for the company to become an industry leader in equity, diversity and inclusion within the local context. For these reasons, I am interested in working for Arc’teryx to grow and learn with a team of innovators who are committed to providing the best products and services that are designed with its diverse communities in mind. 





Dear Hiring Committee,



I am an educator, facilitator, and community capacity builder passionate about people's potential, and have spent the past decade working with diverse communities on programs and initiatives centered on equity, diversity, and inclusion. I believe that equity-centered design is the key to healthy, happy, and resilient communities where everyone thrives and benefits. 



You might notice from my resume that the bulk of my experience is from non-profit settings in charitable organizations and schools, so you might be wondering, why the interest in shifting to a company like Arc'teryx? 



If there’s anything I’ve learned about working in social impact spaces dedicated to diversity and inclusion, it’s that dialogue and knowledge related to EDI must expand beyond these very communities. Non-profit organizations which operate at the very root of equity and inclusion for under-served communities often work in echo chambers, and we need allies and champions from diverse industries and stakeholders to truly move the dial on EDI initiatives. Therefore, as a professional dedicated to diversity and inclusion, I commit to advocating for EDI in a different field as I transition to my next role.  As mentioned previously, Arc’teryx is a brand I admire as it continues to make a great local and global impact; with this impact comes social responsibility, which starts with ensuring that internal operations are designed with equity and inclusion in mind. It would be a great privilege to bring my knowledge of Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion to your team, to grow Arc’teryx together by putting employees first.