Peggy Chen

(she/her)



778.889.0967 

pichen45@gmail.com















































UBC - Sauder School of BusinessAssociate Director, Montalbano Centre for Responsible Leadership Development

Dear Hiring Committee:Over a decade of experience in charitable and public sectors has taught me that meaningful connections and engagement is at the core of building trust in our communities. As a former educator, I firmly believe that schools and academic institutions play a key role in shaping future leaders grounded in social responsibility and community care. Through a multitude of leadership roles in program and service delivery, policy and planning, and executive board governance, I am passionate about bringing people together to address collection action for social change. Currently, I am a senior Planner at the City of Richmond, where I provide city-wide leadership, education, and advice on Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) topics to City Council, City staff, and partners as they relate to policy planning and community development. Through policy analysis, research, and stakeholder engagement, I influence the City’s role in responding to topics such as multiculturalism, anti-racism, Truth and Reconciliation, and gender equity. The community informs my work—I actively seek engagement opportunities with government partners, academic institutions, and social agencies to advance the shared interests of social equity and inclusion. Before my time at the City, I was an educator and youth programs manager in school settings and non-profit organizations, overseeing youth and student leadership programs focused on DEI, civic education and social responsibility. On top of leading student engagement and capacity-building initiatives, I formed partnerships with diverse stakeholders from academic, business, and government institutions to champion inclusive practices and influence collective roles in addressing social issues. Outside of work, I am proud to have influenced social impact and social responsibility in Metro Vancouver and across Canada through strategic governance and leadership roles on local and national non-profit boards. My efforts have been recognized by groups like UN Women and the U.S. Embassy in Canada.

I am a business school graduate, and the biggest gap I experienced as a student was how to use my passion for social justice and equity to transform sustainable business practices. I believe there is an opportunity for UBC’s Sauder School of Business to be a leader in exercising community care and responsibility for a more just and equitable world, and I have the skill sets to help make it happen. I hope we get the chance to work together. 

Peggy Chen