Peggy Chen  (she/her)       									

pichen45@gmail.com  |  778.889.0967  |  www.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy  

YWCA Metro VancouverAssociate Director of Employment and Community Programs



Dear Najah Hage,

The YWCA holds a special place in my heart — it’s where I began my early career in gender equity advocacy and youth leadership programming, gaining a strong foundation in community-driven, equity-centred program design. Today, with over a decade of experience leading program expansion and partnership development in the non-profit and public sectors, I’m excited by the opportunity to return to the YWCA as Associate Director of Employment and Community Programs.

Currently, as the Inclusion Planner with the City of Richmond, I provide city-wide strategic leadership on social equity and inclusion initiatives that support newcomer, racialized, and gender-diverse communities. From embedding equity into municipal policies to managing long-standing and new employment resource partnerships, I’ve built a strong track record in designing programs and guiding initiatives that improve access and participation for underserved communities. As a former YWCA Metro Vancouver staff member and YWCA Canada board director, I bring a deep commitment to the organization’s mission and values to advance gender equity.

Some highlights of my experience that align with this role include:

Program development for equity-deserving communities: I’ve led the creation and expansion of programs that support women, newcomers, youth, and gender-diverse individuals, including launching the Richmond School District’s Newcomer Youth Program and expanding fee-for-service programs at the Vancouver School Board for children, youth, and families across 24 schools.

Partnership and community engagement: At the City of Richmond and S.U.C.C.E.S.S., I convened community networks like the Intercultural Advisory Committee and Employment Resources Table, strengthening service delivery and responsiveness to community needs in collaboration with businesses, government agencies, funders, and service providers.

Strategic planning and staff leadership: I’ve led cross-functional teams and managed human resource functions at the Vancouver School Board — aligning staff roles, partnerships, and programs with strategic organizational goals, while providing coaching and mentorship to support high-performing, engaged teams.

This role represents a meaningful new chapter where I can contribute both strategic leadership and personal values to a mission I deeply believe in. I would be thrilled to return to the YWCA and help shape the future of your Employment and Community Programs. Thank you for considering my application!

Peggy Chen





 In 5-10 bullet points, please outline the most relevant aspects of your background (lived, professional, and/or volunteer) related to equity, diversity, inclusion and decolonization within an institutional context.

City of Richmond

Guiding the implementation of the Cultural Harmony Plan, a strategy focused on ethnocultural equity, diversity, inclusion (EDI) actions and initiatives.

Provide expert guidance and support to departments, working groups, and individuals on anti-racism, Reconciliation, newcomer inclusion, language accessibility, gender equity, and 2SLGBTQI+ topics. 

Manage the annual Diversity Symposium, an EDI conference for City staff and community partners 

Chaired the YWCA Canada’s Young Women’s Leadership Committee, advancing gender equity and youth leadership nationally.

Designed and led the Vancouver School Board - Community Schools Team’s first anti-racism training for program and partner staff.

Launched Richmond School District’s Newcomer Youth Program and facilitated cultural competency training for district staff.

Lived experience as a racialized, immigrant woman working in and navigating public institutions

Recent completion of UBC’s EDI Certificate. 

 Please outline your experience with leading, designing and facilitating education and training initiatives regarding diversity, equity and inclusion issues.

I’ve designed and facilitated anti-racism, cultural competency, and newcomer inclusion workshops for a wide range of audiences, including over 150 staff, community partners, and volunteers through the Vancouver School Board’s Community Schools Team, and to school administrators and staff at the Richmond School District. At the City of Richmond, I manage and develop content for the annual Diversity Symposium for City staff and community partners, engaging over 800 participants from 2022 to 2024 to advance EDI in the workplace and community. I have also led staff learning initiatives focused on 2SLGBTQI+ inclusion and gender inclusive writing. My approach is grounded in creating space for reflection, dialogue, and peer learning. These sessions have contributed to organizational and community capacity-building and stronger alignment with organizational goals. 

Answer size should be 1000 characters or less.

 Please share your experience with leading complex projects involving multiple partners and stakeholders, connected with bringing about systemic change.

At the City of Richmond, I lead cross-departmental implementation of the Cultural Harmony Plan, coordinating policy and operational changes with City departments, senior leadership, and community partners to advance ethnocultural equity. I’m currently leading the Plan’s mid-point review, integrating equity metrics and accountability structures into municipal planning to drive systemic change. This work is informed by diverse stakeholders, including the Council-appointed Intercultural Advisory Committee, for which I serve as Staff Liaison. At the Richmond School District, I launched the Newcomer Youth Program, partnering with educators and community organizations to foster inclusive school environments and wraparound supports. These efforts shifted institutional practices to better support newcomer youth throughout the district, in classrooms and after-school programs. My work bridges institutional systems with grassroots perspectives, focused on shared outcomes and partnerships. 

Answer size should be 1000 characters or less.