Peggy Chen(she/her)

778.889.0967 pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































CBC - Senior Communications Officer (Community Engagement)



Hello CBC team!

With no experience or background in journalism, I never imagined myself fit for working for my favourite national broadcaster—the CBC. Surely,  I wouldn’t get by just because I know how to use an em dash. However, I knew I had found a fit when I came across the role of Senior Communications Officer, assigned to Community Engagement. 

I love the CBC now, but this wasn’t always the case as public broadcasting wasn’t always accessible to me. As a first-generation immigrant, it took years of English learning and cultural adaptations before I could digest CBC news and radio. I know I am not alone in this experience. From years of working with underrepresented communities, including youth, BIPOC members, and newcomers, there is often a disconnection between media and these communities, many of which I identify with. This role excites me because it leads to so much potential for new partnerships and equitable community engagement opportunities, to have the CBC engage with audiences from all walks of life. 

My professional career started in marketing and communications, where I developed skills in the non-profit, charitable sector. With a focus on youth engagement marketing, I am skilled in print and media production, social media management, digital content development, graphic design, and writing. I have led and executed successful social media campaigns for local and national organizations.

I have since shifted gears and now work directly in program delivery for youth, where effective communication and community engagement are still part of my day-to-day. Currently, I am a Community Schools Coordinator at the Vancouver School Board, where I use an asset-based community development approach to facilitate neighbourhood partnerships, and lead a team of staff to improve student experiences through programs, events, and services. I love the community development aspect of my role; when individuals are supported, connected, and have a common purpose, that’s when communities flourish and thrive.

What excites me most about the Senior Communications Officer role is its ties to community engagement. From working in marketing and communications, to being a community engagement professional, I see that the two skill-sets go hand-in-hand. Along with my passion for connecting with BIPOC youth and equitable engagement with media, I am confident that I am fit for your team.

I hope we get the chance to work together.

Peggy Chen