Peggy Chen

Project & Events Manager.Public Engagement Strategist.Creative Community Developer.



+1 778-889-0967

pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































Centre for Feminist Foreign PolicyProject Manager



Hello CFFP team!

It is so exciting to see a job description with some of my favourite words: systemic change, intersectional feminism, rebalancing power inequalities. At a time when the world is pushing for justice and accountability from colonial institutions, and demanding systems change, I first have to commend your team for leading with this intention in the world of foreign policy. 

As a community developer with work centered on gender equality, racial justice and youth capacity building, I was drawn to the Project Manager role with the CFFP because it aligns with my values and professional skills. With experience working in feminist and non-profit organizations for over 7 years, and a keen interest in building capacity for a more sustainable and equitable future for foreign policy, I believe I would be a great asset to your team.

Asset-based community development is where my work is rooted in, and where I believe the foundations of policy should start. I have worked in diverse roles in Vancouver, Canada’s  non-profit sector, from marketing, communications and grant-writing, to project management and event planning; no matter the job, my priority is always focused on relationship-building and human-centred planning:

I am proud of my recent work building up and overseeing a project called Strong Girls, Strong World, which engaged youth to become advocates for gender equality through media literacy.  As the project lead, I ensured that youth  had a leading voice in all stages of program design, grant-writing and fundraising, and research briefs. 

Right now, I work in the local school board’s community schools team, bridging students with NGOs and partner agencies, and facilitating opportunities to address community needs. I am leading our team’s Anti-Racism Committee to evaluate the systemic harms that schools have caused students and their families, putting focus on consulting with Black, Indigenous, and People of Colour in our school communities. 

9-5 work aside, I am passionate about feminist leadership in the areas of governance, politics and policy. I volunteer as a Board Member of YWCA Canada, where I chair the Young Women’s Leadership & Engagement, and I am a Steering Committee Member of G(irls)20’s Girls on Boards program, which places community-minded young women on non-profit boards. Through both of these positions, my focus is to foster intergenerational mentorship and collaboration, using collective power to ensure diverse voices inform policy related to the future of work, race and equity, and women’s leadership. 

Expanding my work beyond Canada is an important part of my learning  as I navigate a path in global policy and community development, and joining the CFFP seems like a great fit. I hope to connect further about working together.

Peggy Chen

WRITING SAMPLE 1Published online at https://ywcavan.org/blog/2019/09/gender-equality-week-2019-do-your-part-making-sure-everyonebenefits



GENDER EQUALITY WEEK 2019 - DO YOUR PART IN MAKING SURE #EVERYONEBENEFITS

This week, we join the rest of Canada in celebrating Gender Equality Week! From September 23rd-27th, people from coast to coast will celebrate the progress our country has made in advancing gender equality, while reflecting on the work that remains to make sure that everyone – regardless of their gender – can reach their full potential.

As an organization whose vision is to achieve women’s equality, our everyday work is dedicated to ensuring a more gender-equal society. While we aim to inspire our supporters to do the same, we recognize it’s not always an easy task, and that achieving true equality can seem like a difficult and distant goal. However, we believe that small changes can make a difference and that if enough people speak up and take action, that is when progress can be made.

Want to be a part of Gender Equality Week? Here are five actions you can start making this week to help advance gender equality for women, men and people of all gender identities:

Use gender-inclusive language

Do you use phrases like “Hey guys” or “Hello ladies and gentlemen” when addressing a group of people? These phrases are so normalized that some will argue that they don’t take offence to them. However, there are many alternative phrases you can use to be more inclusive of all genders and to ensure that gender minorities do not feel excluded from your group or space. Try using terms like Everybody, Everyone, Friends, Folks – which encompass all genders. 

Speak up against sexist behaviour

We’ve all been there – someone around us says or does something which we know is so wrong, demoralizing, or unprofessional, yet somehow, we let it slide. We’re afraid of offending others, we don’t want to be a tattletale, or we think, “That’s just how they are – I can’t change them,” and don’t bother doing anything. Saying nothing is easy, but that only excuses sexist behaviour to happen again and again. Speaking up doesn’t have to mean calling them out on the spot – try taking them aside later to offer feedback, and explaining why their behaviour is wrong. 

Challenge gendered roles at work

Even with equal gender representation of employees in workplaces, many look past the gendered administrative roles that are often undertaken by women. “Office housework,” which includes taking meeting notes, ordering lunch, or organizing staff parties is often unfairly put on women. To stop this cycle, encourage your workplace to assign communal tasks evenly to ensure that work is shared and valued. 

Learn the facts and spread the word

You might know that gender equality is needed to make progress, but some people just need the cold, hard facts to prove it. To counter the myth that gender equality is just a “women’s issue,” read up on how gender equality benefits everyone, and do your part in challenging those around you to do the same. You can start by sharing this article with those close to you!

Support organizations doing the work

There are many organizations whose mission and vision is to achieve gender equality, or have programs dedicated to supporting gender minorities. Consider volunteering for these organizations, sharing their content on social media, or making a direct financial contribution to support their work – every bit counts.

We hope that you will join us celebrating Gender Equality Week by taking action with these small steps. 

We will be highlighting some of the advocacy work that we do at the YWCA to address the root causes of inequality and advance gender equality – from issues such as universal childcare to affordable housing, to stopping violence against women.

Stay tuned by connecting with us on Facebook and Twitter!

WRITING SAMPLE 2Published online at https://www.globalcitizen.org/en/content/global-citizen-live-vancouver-recap/



A Night of Music, Gender Equality & Climate Action at Global Citizen Live Vancouver

Artists, dignitaries, and hundreds of Global Citizens gathered at the historic Commodore Ballroom in Vancouver on Thursday night for Global Citizen Live — an event calling for action on climate change and gender equality.

 

Fans and activists earned free tickets to this event by joining the Global Citizen movement and taking action on climate change and women’s and girl’s health in the lead up to last night’s event.

 

Actions included signing a petition addressed to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on women’s and girls’ health and sending a tweet asking Canadian Minister of Environment and Climate Change Catherine McKenna to further support women and girls attempting to adapt to climate change around the world.

 

While McKenna wasn’t able to be present, she sent a video message to let Global Citizens know she’s heard them loud and clear. “Canada’s stepping up and taking action!”

 

And that they did.

 

Sonia Sunger, news anchor from Global BC and host for the evening, shared that in the lead up to Global Citizen Live Vancouver alone, over 10,000 actions were taken to make sure the Canadian government moves forward on climate change and health for girls and women around the world.

 

Sunger introduced psychedelic rock duo Crown Lands who kicked off the music for the night. As advocates for Indigenous rights and social justice, the pair performed not just to share their music, but also their voice for change.

 

Other performers shared this vision, including Juno-nominated band The Elwins, Vancouver-based rapper Horsepowar, and Sam Roberts Band — headlining the concert as long-time supporters of Global Citizen.

 

Special guests and dignitaries were also present, including British Columbia’s Lieutenant Governor the Honourable Judith Guichon, who spoke on the role of women in agriculture, and Women Deliver’s CEO, Katja Iversen, who sent a video message asking the crowd, “What will you do to empower women and girls?”

 

Horsepowar followed her performance by sharing her views as an artist in the male-dominated world of hip hop. Her music is about bringing women of colour from marginalized communities to the forefront. "I use my voice because we have been hushed and pushed back for so long, and I’m here to stand loud, proud and brown," she said.

 

She’s not alone as a young activist in Vancouver. Ta’Kaiya Blaney, a local 17-year-old Indigenous environmental activist who has spoken at the UN and participated in Occupy Wall Street, addressed the crowd about how climate change disproportionately affects women, with a focus on Canada’s Indigenous women.

Inspiring others to speak out, she shared, “If you have a voice, be heard. Your voice is your responsibility. Let’s work together and make [the world] a better place.”

 

It was a night of collectivism, and it was fitting for Sam Roberts Band to take to the stage with their hit single, "We’re All In This Together.”

 

Ending a night of celebrating action and inspiration, Vancouver got on their feet, filling the Commodore Ballroom with energy and excitement.