Peggy Chen(she/her)

778.889.0967 pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































City of RichmondSocial Equity Coordinator



Dear Hiring Committee, 

At the heart of my career is social impact—mobilizing social change for under-represented, equity-deserving communities to thrive. With over a decade of work and volunteer experience in the social services sector in Richmond and across Metro Vancouver, I’ve had the privilege of working alongside diverse groups on programs focused on community social development. I believe my skill sets in developing equity-centered programs, my passion for inclusion and belonging, as well as my connections to the city of Richmond, will be an asset to your team.

Currently, I am a Community Schools Coordinator at the Vancouver School Board; my team’s goal is to provide equal access to opportunities for children and families from at-risk, vulnerable backgrounds who often face barriers to participation in the community. Day-to-day, I am involved in facilitating consultation and research processes to identify service gaps, creating connections between school stakeholders and partners to develop service action plans, and developing programs for children and youth, all with the goal of creating a community where students can thrive and belong. I am proud to have developed my team’s first diversity and inclusion committee, bringing a social equity and trauma-informed lens into our work, where our programs and services are informed by the very communities we aim to serve. In the past year, this committee led the development of the department’s first anti-racism and inclusion training for staff.

As a dynamic leader in the non-profit sector, I have built connections and partnerships at local and regional levels, maintaining collaborative relationships with diverse sectors to advocate for social inclusion and equity. In addition to direct-service experience, I am well-versed in non-profit advocacy and communications, and have worked with multidisciplinary stakeholders to advance social policy and practices regarding gender equality, poverty reduction, and social housing.

Fostering a culture of community care is a value I carry in my personal life, which naturally leads to the application of a social equity lens to my professional practices—centering who is often left out, what we can do to build inclusion, and what tools we need to provide equal access to opportunities. 

Richmond was my home for over 20 years, and I still hold close ties to the city I know and love. I hope we get the chance to work together to build an equitable future where Richmond is centered on the inclusion and belonging of everyone who calls the city their home. 

Peggy Chen