Peggy Chen

(she/her)



778.889.0967 

pichen45@gmail.com















































Canfor - Community Relations Advisor







Dear Hiring Team,



Over a decade of experience in the charitable and public sectors has shown me that meaningful social impact requires strong partnerships and investments across all industries. With a solid foundation in community development and a specialized background in marketing and communications, I’ve seen firsthand how strategic storytelling and targeted outreach can amplify the impact of corporate social responsibility. I am excited about the opportunity to bring this expertise to Canfor’s community relations team.



In my current role as a Social Planner with the City of Richmond, I provide city-wide leadership and expertise on diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives, advising City Council, staff, and community partners on best practices to foster equity and inclusion. My work involves developing communication plans that effectively convey the City’s commitment to fostering a more inclusive community for equity-deserving groups, including newcomers, racialized individuals, and 2SLGBTQI+ communities.



Highlights of my career reflect my commitment to engaging with community members and stakeholders to work towards a greater good:

As a Community Schools Coordinator at the Vancouver School Board, I managed community-informed programs across 20 schools, overseeing connections and outreach that engaged students, families, staff, and local organizations.

At YWCA Metro Vancouver, I served as the marketing and communications lead for the organization’s Youth Education Programs. There, I developed and executed campaigns that showcased the YWCA’s impact, driving program participation and corporate engagement with diverse audiences.



I am seeking a shift in my career to drive social impact from a corporate perspective, and Canfor’s Community Relations Advisor role seems like a perfect match. With my passion rooted in community development and social change, I believe I would be an asset to Canfor and advance your community relations and corporate giving initiatives!



Peggy Chen