Peggy Chen  (she/her)       									

PChen@richmond.ca  |  778.889.0967  |  https://www.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy 

LimeCommunity Engagement Manager

I’m coming along for the ride!

[insert gif of me riding a Lime scooter]

We loved an engaged community!

I have over a decade of experience leading community engagement strategies and public engagement efforts within the public and non-profit sectors in the City of Vancouver, across the Lower Mainland and across Canada. Guided by a deep passion for social impact, civic participation and community-building, I have engaged:

Youth leaders, businesses and funders to support young women’s leadership and gender equality through YWCA Metro Vancouver and YWCA Canada.

Parents and caretakers in the early stages of the COVID-19 pandemic, who informed renewed needs in the Vancouver School Board’s community programs.

Elected officials, municipal leaders, settlement agencies and newcomers in the City of Richmond to guide the development of city-wide policies and programs to foster cultural inclusion and belonging.

An engaged community is a healthy and resilient community, and I’m excited to bring this spark to Lime as the business grows in my home—the City of Vancouver—and across Metro Vancouver. 

Fostering government relations

For Lime to grow, we need buy-in from municipal leaders and government partners. This can be demanding and complex, and requires strong political acumen and relationship-building. I’ve been inside the municipal planning space, and I get it. 

2026 is also an election year, and everyone at City Hall is on their toes for different reasons. Having spent the last 3.5 years as a Social Planner for the City of Richmond, I have a deep understanding of the municipal frameworks and inter-governmental affairs that are critical to the success of regional partnerships.

Sometimes all it takes is knowing who to contact, through what channels, and at what time of the day. From understanding Council priorities to the best ways to report and deliver information, I have the insider perspective to help strengthen Lime’s Government Relations team.

And yes, I know experience within the City of Vancouver is preferred for your team. From an advocacy perspective, I have delegated to Vancouver City Council, worked with City of Vancouver staff to advance social issues like gender-based violence prevention and public health equity, and spent 3 years working at the Vancouver School Board to improve community programs and services for children and their families. Paired with my expertise at Richmond City Hall, I bring well-rounded municipal leadership experience to your team.

Facilitation is my jam

[insert that’s me GIF]

You had me at:

OrganizeFacilitate Open HousesRoundtablesFoster Dialogue

I thrive in the room where community voices and organizational goals meet. My approach to facilitation is built on a decade of experience managing both high-stakes dialogue and low-key, casual gatherings. My warmth and silliness easily makes participants feel at ease, making conversations approachable and human.

At the City of Richmond, I lead the organization’s  annual Diversity and Inclusion conference, which has engaged over 1,200 participants from across the Lower Mainland and virtually across Canada since 2022. I also serve as the Staff Liaison to the Council-appointed Richmond Intercultural Advisory Committee,  which meets monthly to inform and advise the City’s approach to cultural equity and inclusion.

As a facilitator, I’m keen on bringing people together in fun and productive environments where complex feedback is transformed into actionable data.

Accessibility and Inclusion: My hopes and dreams to make Lime accessible for everyone

As a trained Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) practitioner, accessibility and inclusion have been the core of projects I manage and an approach in how I carry myself as a leader. I consider transportation and micro-mobility initiatives successful when they are inclusive by design. My vision, and how I plan to raise the bar through this role, is to ensure that Lime is a viable, reliable transportation option for everyone in the Lower Mainland, particularly for equity-deserving groups who often face the highest barriers to sustainable and cost-effective transit.

Leveraging my background in accessibility and inclusion planning, I apply a rigorous social equity lens to community engagement:

Lowering Barriers for Newcomers and English Language Learners: Vancouver is known for being one of the most multicultural cities in Canada that welcomes thousands of newcomers each year. I am committed to developing engagement strategies in plain language, or that go beyond English-only communications. This includes partnering with settlement agencies and community centers to provide in-language support and culturally resonant outreach, ensuring English language learners can navigate the Lime app and safety protocols with confidence.

Strategic Social Service Partnerships: I aim to build deep-rooted partnerships with local non-profits and social service organizations to integrate Lime Access into their existing service models. By focusing on acccessbility for equity-deserving groups, we can ensure that Lime is truly built with everyone in mind, guided by community partners and community voices.