Peggy Chen

(she/her)



778.889.0967 

pichen45@gmail.com





Positionality Statement I am a racialized Taiwanese-Canadian woman who immigrated to British Columbia from Taipei, Taiwan. I live with an invisible disability and navigate the world with no physical impairments. I recognize my privileges as a straight, cisgender woman who is middle-class, university-educated, and fluent in English. I am a settler on unceded land in Canada and recognize my responsibility of allyship in connection to the ongoing impacts of anti-Indigenous racism and colonization in Vancouver, the place I call home. 









































Government of British ColumbiaProvincial Committee on Anti-Racism— Grounded by the principles of community social development through frontline service delivery in non-profit and public sectors, I am passionate about working with people in reciprocity and partnership towards anti-racist, anti-oppressive futures. I am an anti-racism advocate and facilitator experienced in Metro Vancouver and across Canada, working primarily with Asian communities, women and girls, newcomers, and youth. I hope to bring my lived and community experiences to the Provincial Committee on Anti-Racism to build a stronger British Columbia where everyone thrives. Highlights of my anti-racism leadership efforts include:

Chairing the Anti-Racism, Anti-Oppression (ARAO) network of the YWCA Canada’s Young Women’s Leadership Engagement Committee, working with leaders in member associations across the country to advance ARAO efforts in governance, programs and service delivery

Designed and delivered the first anti-racism training module for the Vancouver School Board’s Community Schools Team, equipping staff and volunteers with practical skills and theory to support children and youth 

Oversaw an anti-racism art project in the Richmond community which brought together an  artist team, youth, and seniors to discuss multiculturalism, equity, and inclusion through the exploration of personal migration stories

I have worked in large, complex, and bureaucratic organizations to advance anti-racism and racial equity, including national federations and local government. I am currently a social planner at the City of Richmond focused on topics such as anti-racism, reconciliation,  gender equity and inclusion for 2SLGBTQI+ groups, newcomers, and racialized communities. In this role, I oversee the implementation of the Cultural Harmony Plan, focused on fostering intercultural connections and understanding among diverse communities. 

Advocating for anti-racism is more than just a professional role for me. Lived and living experiences resulting from both direct and systemic racism continue to impact me and my community, such as my newcomer parents and networks of racialized women. I am especially passionate about language accessibility in anti-racism work to improve public programs, services, and support for newcomers. I am an active learner and stay on top of current and emerging issues relating to anti-racism and racial equity through ongoing professional development, including an Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion certificate I am completing at UBC. 

I hope to work and learn with others on the Provincial Committee on Anti-Racism to activate a plan toward freedom from racial discrimination based on community care, equity, and accountability. 

Peggy Chen