Peggy Chen(she/her)

778.889.0967 pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































The Home DepotCommunity Investment Specialist (Programs)



Dear Hiring Committee, 

At the heart of my career is social impact—mobilizing social change for under-represented, equity-deserving communities to thrive. With over a decade of work and volunteer experience in the non-profit sector in Metro Vancouver and across Canada, I’ve had the privilege of working alongside diverse communities through programs focused on youth development and capacity building. I believe my skill sets in program management and community development, as well as my passion for youth advocacy, will be an asset to The Home Depot Canada Foundation. 

Currently, I am a Community Schools Coordinator at the Vancouver School Board, providing access to opportunities for children, youth, and families from at-risk, vulnerable backgrounds. Day-to-day, I am involved in creating connections between school stakeholders and partners to identify service gaps and develop community action plans, administering school-based grants, and working 1-1 in supporting youth from vulnerable backgrounds to thrive. Overseeing all community-school operations for a family of schools, I am experienced in all phases of program management cycles, including program design, evaluations, budget administration, and reporting.I am a dynamic senior leader in community engagement who is well-versed in social services and the charitable sector at local, regional, and national levels, maintaining and developing collaborative relationships with diverse stakeholders. From my frontline experience serving equity-seeking groups, including youth from vulnerable backgrounds, I have a clear understanding of the social impact of an organization’s mission and vision, which has benefited the philanthropic efforts of teams I have worked with. On top of direct-service programming, I have worked in non-profit marketing and advocacy, developing strategic communication and storytelling plans for organizational impact reports and fundraising efforts. I started my career as a Marketing Assistant at the local YWCA, where I supported our advocacy initiatives for women and their families, focused on social issues including homelessness, poverty reduction, violence against women, and more. 

I am looking for a change in my career where I can deepen my learning and understanding of corporate social responsibility and community investment, in an environment where I can continue advocating for youth to thrive. Joining the Home Depot Canada Foundation as a Community Investment Specialist sounds like the perfect fit, as I stand by your team’s mission to prevent and end youth homelessness. I hope we get the chance to work together!

Peggy Chen