Peggy Chen(she/her)

778.889.0967 pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































SWAN VancouverCommunity Engagement Director



Dear Hiring Committee, 

At the heart of my career is community development—mobilizing social change for under-represented, equity-deserving communities to thrive. With over a decade of work and volunteer experience in non-profit, social service organizations across Metro Vancouver, I’ve had the privilege of working alongside diverse communities through programs focused on gender equality, migrant justice, inclusion and belonging, and newcomer re-settlement. I believe my growing leadership skills in non-profit management, as well as my passion for gender equity and women’s rights, will be an asset to the SWAN Vancouver team.

Currently, I am a Community Schools Coordinator at the Vancouver School Board, where I facilitate partnerships between schools and community groups, and lead a team of staff who deliver programs and services to students and families from at-risk, vulnerable backgrounds. Day-to-day, I am involved in facilitating engagement and consultation processes to identify service gaps and opportunities, creating connections between school stakeholders and partners to develop community action plans, and developing equity-centred programs for children and youth, all with the goal of creating equal opportunities for students to thrive.

I am a dynamic leader in community engagement in Metro Vancouver, maintaining and developing collaborative relationships with diverse stakeholders. From my frontline experience working with equity-seeking groups, including migrant women, I have a clear understanding of the impact of an organization’s mission and vision, which has benefited the organizational leadership efforts of teams I have worked with. On top of direct-service programming, I have worked in non-profit marketing, communications, and advocacy, developing strategic communication plans for organizational impact reports and fundraising efforts. I started my career as a Marketing Assistant at the YWCA Metro Vancouver, where I supported our advocacy initiatives for women and their families, focused on social issues including homelessness, poverty reduction, violence against women, and more. 

I am looking for a change in my career where I can deepen my learning and growth in nonprofit management, in a small-team environment whose mission I stand behind personally and professionally. SWAN’s collaborative leadership model aligns with my values of shared leadership capacity, as I seek mentorship and teamwork in my first director-level role. 

From my personal experience as an immigrant to my community-based experience with migrant workers, I dream of shifting systems to an environment where migrant communities can thrive. I believe I am a good fit for your team, and I hope we get the chance to work together!

Peggy Chen