Peggy Chen

Project & Events Manager.Public Engagement Strategist.Creative Community Developer.



+1 778-889-0967

pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































Centre for Feminist Foreign PolicyProject Manager





Dear Hiring Committee,

I believe we are all responsible for building the future of communities we want to live in, and that engaging with young people through dialogue and leadership programs is crucial for building healthier, sustainable cities. This belief has been the key to what’s driven my career; I have spent the past 7 years in non-profit and education sectors, where I oversaw youth development and community engagement programs. 

I worked for Check Your Head in 2017, and was excited to see this opportunity of Executive Director come up. Currently at the intersections between being both a youth and a youth-ally, I am interested in this leadership role with Check Your Head as I bring lived experiences as a young person, as well as professional experiences working with youth-serving organizations in Metro Vancouver. 

My involvement in youth-serving organizations, including YWCA Metro Vancouver, S.U.C.C.E.S.S., and currently, Richmond School District’s Settlement Workers in Schools team, has allowed me to oversee diverse themes of youth-focused programs, including gender equality, poverty reduction, and migrant justice. Currently, as a Youth Settlement Worker, I work in classroom and school environments, where I facilitate after-school programs for newcomer high school students to learn about the Richmond community, become active and engaged citizens, and develop social networks. 

Aside from youth programming, I also have experience working in marketing and communications as a youth engagement marketing strategist. Online and offline, I  am often commended for my interpersonal communication skills with various groups and audiences, including volunteers, donors, media, businesses, and government, with strong abilities to easily connect and collaborate with others.

Having worked mainly with small non-profit groups, I learnt to be adaptable to my responsibilities and developed valuable technical skills, including grant-writing, budget management, event-planning and database management. At the YWCA, I led two major government-funded projects, utilizing  the skill sets above, as well as overseeing project evaluations and reporting, and volunteer management and training.

To be the Executive Director of Check Your Head would be more than just a job. As a young leader, I believe the role will be both challenging and exciting, discouraging at times, but above all, engaging and fulfilling. It would be a privilege to work alongside diverse youth and allies from all walks of life in Metro Vancouver, and at the same time, challenge myself to be in a leadership position which is often not held by young people. From my experience with Check Your Head’s supportive learning environment, I am confident that this is a step in the right direction for me towards the next steps of my career. 

Peggy Chen