Peggy Chen(she/her)

778.889.0967 pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































Doctors of BCManager, Equity, Diversity & Inclusion



Dear Hiring Committee, 

Community and social impact are at the heart of my career—mobilizing meaningful change for under-represented, equity-deserving communities to thrive. With over a decade of experience leading EDI initiatives in Metro Vancouver and across Canada, I am passionate about fostering inclusive environments where everyone can be their best selves and feel a sense of belonging. I believe my values and skills in approaching EDI work will be an asset to Doctors of BC as the Manager, Equity, Diversity & Inclusion.Currently, I serve as a social planner at the City of Richmond, providing leadership and advice on EDI topics to City Council, staff, and community partners. My work includes policy development, data analysis, and education on EDI topics, including anti-racism, reconciliation, gender equity, and inclusion of equity-deserving groups such as 2SLGBTQI+ individuals, newcomers, and racialized communities. I lead the implementation of the City's Cultural Harmony Plan, guiding staff and collaborating with partners to foster cultural EDI initiatives. I enjoy the community engagement aspect of my role as a Staff Liaison to various leadership groups and committees, working with others toward shared goals of inclusion and belonging.Previously, at the Vancouver School Board, I spearheaded the development of my department’s first EDI staff committee. My leadership skills resulted in the creation of the first anti-racism and inclusion training, ensuring that program staff and volunteers are well-equipped to support children and youth from equity-deserving groups. My experience in diverse and complex organizational settings has honed my ability to lead cross-functional teams and challenge the status quo to advance inclusive practices, positively impacting staff teams, community partners, and program participants.I am committed to ongoing learning both personally and professionally and am currently completing a certificate in EDI at the University of British Columbia. This ongoing education helps keep me accountable for maintaining knowledge of EDI trends and best practices, prompting me to grow and adapt as a leader.I am excited about the opportunity to promote equitable and inclusive standards of patient care through the Manager, Equity, Diversity & Inclusion role at Doctors of BC. I look forward to discussing how my background and skills align with the needs of your team.

Peggy Chen