Peggy Chen(she/her)

778.889.0967 pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































City of RichmondManager, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI)



Dear Hiring Committee, 

At the heart of my career is social impact—mobilizing social change for under-represented, equity-deserving communities to thrive. I joined the City of Richmond’s Community Social Development team as an Inclusion Coordinator this summer, and have found fulfillment in working with my colleagues and the community to advance diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) initiatives in Richmond.  Despite being with the City for a short time, I am ready to advance my leadership skills through the Manager DEI role, bringing my subject-matter expertise in DEI work from the past decade to lead and evolve the City’s commitment to equitable organizational change. My career has evolved from the non-profit, charitable sector to working in public service, with advocacy and social change at the forefront. I’ve had the privilege of working alongside diverse communities through programs focused on gender equality, migrant justice, inclusion and belonging, and newcomer re-settlement. One of my biggest learnings from working front-line with equity-deserving communities is that DEI work must start from organizational change; we do a disservice to the diverse community groups we work with if we are not actively exercising DEI within human resources. This learning is what led to my growth and leadership in DEI in the realm of people development and capacity building.Prior to joining the City of Richmond, I was a Community Schools Team (CST) Coordinator at the Vancouver School Board. I am proud to have developed and led the CST’s first DEI committee, bringing an anti-racist, anti-oppressive lens into our work. With this committee, I led and facilitated the development of the department’s first anti-racism and inclusion training, ensuring that staff and volunteers are well-equipped to support children and youth from vulnerable backgrounds. Outside of work, I am a volunteer for a national organization called the YWCA Canada, advocating for gender equity in collaboration with executive leaders and members of 32 local YWCA Associations. I am a former Board Director involved in governance, strategic planning, and executive leadership, and I am a current member of the CEO Search Committee, bringing an anti-racist, decolonial framework to the recruitment process, ensuring that everything from the search firm we work with, to the job description and the interview experience is values-driven, equitable, and inclusive.

My current role as Inclusion Coordinator involves advocating for DEI within the community. I identified an interest in exploring the work of internal capacity building for DEI in my Career Development plan, and I feel that this role of Manager DEI in the Human Resources team is the perfect fit for my growth within the City.I hope to further my growth within the City of Richmond through this new and exciting role.

Peggy Chen

I am the City’s Inclusion Coordinator, working in the Community Social Development team. In this role, I provide city-wide leadership and subject matter expertise in DEI topics to City Council and departments as they relate to policy planning, program and service delivery, community engagement and community development. Some notable projects I have taken on during my time with the City include the Diversity Symposium, Pride Week, the launch of the Newcomers Video Series, and the ongoing implementation of the Cultural Harmony Plan.



The Vancouver School Board's Community Schools Team provides access to opportunities for children and families from at-risk, vulnerable backgrounds who face barriers to participation in community programs. On this team, I formed and co-led my team’s DEI committee, which designed and facilitated the team’s first anti-racism and inclusion training for staff and volunteers. Day to day, my role involved developing programs centered on social-emotional learning, and developing partnerships and opportunities between schools and community-service organizations, bringing an asset-based community development approach to supporting children and families.

As part of the Richmond School District's Settlement Workers in Schools Team, I supported newcomer youth and their families in school and community environments, providing programming, mentorship, and community connection opportunities. I developed and facilitated cultural competency trainings and learning resources for school staff to support newcomer youth and their families. I also worked with school staff and partners in identifying community needs and priorities, advocating for inclusive environments for newcomers in Richmond to thrive.

In this contract role, I led a youth-led, youth-run research project focused on the social determinants of health for youth in inner-city neighbourhoods. In partnership with the research team, I coordinated a series of peer-led youth workshops informed by inner-city experiences and managed project deliverables, including program operations, evaluations, budget administration, and reporting.

At the YWCA Metro Vancouver, I was a Marketing Assistant and Youth Engagement Coordinator, both of which fell within the Communications and Advocacy team. As a Marketing Assistant, I led the development and implementation of the YWCA Youth Team’s Marketing and Outreach strategy, creating a streamlined approach to engaging with diverse program stakeholders. I also prepared communication materials which advanced our advocacy priorities with community partners, municipal government, and the general public. As a Youth Engagement Coordinator, I worked with a Youth Advisory Council to plan the YWCA's annual youth media literacy conference and developed partnerships with diverse sectors to champion youth leadership inclusion and gender equity.