Peggy Chen(she/her)

778.889.0967 pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































Lightspeed CommerceDirector, Diversity Equity & Inclusion 



Dear Hiring Committee, 

Social impact is at the heart of my career—mobilizing social change for under-represented, equity-deserving communities to thrive. With over a decade of experience leading DEI initiatives in Metro Vancouver and across Canada in partnership with charities, public sector organizations, and corporations, I am passionate about bringing people together to do good within organizations and the community. I am looking for a shift in my career and believe that my skills in advancing grassroots DEI work will be an asset to Lightspeed’s team as the Director, Diversity Equity & Inclusion. Currently, I am a social policy planner in local government at the City of Richmond, where I provide city-wide leadership, influence and advice on DEI topics to City Council and departments as they relate to policy planning and community development. My areas of focus include policy and data analysis, and public education on topics such as multiculturalism, anti-racism, immigration, gender equity and inclusion for 2SLGBTQI+ communities, newcomers, and Black, Indigenous, and racialized communities. In this role, I lead the implementation of the City’s Cultural Harmony Plan, guiding the City’s strategies and actions on cultural equity and inclusion, garnering buy-in and developing team readiness within the City and with community stakeholders. Before joining the City of Richmond, I worked in diverse matrix-structured organizations, leading local and Pan-Canadian cross-functional teams to achieve organizational DEI goals.  I am proud to have developed and led internal DEI committees and networks, challenging the status quo to advance inclusive and sustainable business practices.  At the Vancouver School Board, I facilitated the development of the department’s first anti-racism and inclusion training, ensuring that staff and volunteers are well-equipped to support children and youth from equity-deserving backgrounds. I practice ongoing learning through my commitment to the evolving work of DEI. Currently, I am completing a certificate in Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, collaborating with DEI practitioners nationally and globally to learn and share best practices to drive meaningful systemic change. I firmly believe in the positive impact that DEI practices can have on a growing company like Lightspeed, and I look forward to shifting the future of change-making with your team through the Director of DEI role. 

Peggy Chen