Peggy Chenshe/her

pichen45@gmail.com778.889.0967 



www.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy 









































Society for Canadian Women in Science and TechnologyDirector of Community and Volunteer Engagement



Dear Hiring Committee, 

At the heart of my career lies a passion for mobilizing change so equity-seeking communities can thrive. With over a decade of experience in community engagement, volunteer management, and gender equity advocacy, I have worked alongside diverse sectors to advance inclusion and the empowerment of women and girls. My expertise in developing equity-centered volunteer programs and my network of inclusion allies across Canada will be invaluable to SCWIST’s mission.

Currently, as the Inclusion Planner at the City of Richmond, I lead city-wide initiatives on ethnocultural equity, diversity, and inclusion (EDI). Whether developing policy, conducting research, or engaging stakeholders, my focus is on fostering meaningful collaboration to advance anti-racism, reconciliation, and inclusion for 2SLGBTQI+, newcomer, Indigenous, and racialized communities. A key highlight of my work is spearheading the City’s annual Diversity Symposium, where I work with a volunteer steering committee to deliver this EDI-focused conference that has engaged over 1,000 participants in Metro Vancouver and across Canada in the past three years.

Bringing people together to work towards collective action is one of my superpowers, and this drive has shaped my approach to volunteer engagement and community building for the past 10 years. At the Vancouver School Board, I recruited and trained over 300 youth volunteers and fostered partnerships with community organizations focused on sports, arts and culture, food literacy, and STEM. In Vancouver’s Chinatown, I led volunteer efforts for the Fire Dragon Festival, strengthening community participation in preserving tradition and cultural heritage. At the YWCA Metro Vancouver, I cultivated partnerships with corporate, government, and academic stakeholders to champion youth leadership and gender equity. 

Across these roles, I have seen how well-supported volunteers can amplify impact and create lasting change, inspiring me to volunteer for groups like the YWCA Canada, where I served as a Board Director and Co-Chaired the Young Women’s Leadership and Engagement Committee. This experience, alongside my role as a volunteer steering committee member of Fora: Network for Change’s Rise on Boards program, reinforced my commitment to breaking barriers for women and gender-diverse individuals in male-dominated fields. Although lots of progress has been made, I believe there is still a need for organizations like SCWIST to build more inclusive pathways for equitable participation and leadership.

As I complete my Certificate in Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion at the University of British Columbia, I am more convinced than ever of the role that intersectional approaches play in shaping an equitable future. SCWIST’s mission aligns deeply with my own values, and I am eager to contribute my experience and passion to strengthen its community and volunteer engagement efforts. I hope we get the chance to work together!