Peggy Chen(she/her)

778.889.0967 pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































Institute for Canadian Citizenship Director, Volunteering



Hello ICC team!

Civic engagement, social inclusion, newcomer inclusion, and youth development are the overarching themes that summarize my role in community-building across Canada. For the past decade, I have worked and actively volunteered for charitable and public service organizations, including settlement agencies and academic institutions, providing leadership and managing programs focused on gender equality, migrant justice, inclusion and belonging, and newcomer re-settlement. My values and skills align with what your team is looking for in the role of Director of Volunteering, and I believe I will be an asset to your team. 

I am proud of several achievements in my career that have brought me joy and made a significant impact:

Launching the Richmond School District’s Newcomer Youth Program as a Youth Settlement Worker, overseeing program design and direct service delivery, connecting newcomer youth with Canadian culture and volunteer opportunities. 

Overseeing the Strong Girls, Strong World project at the YWCA Metro Vancouver, working with a youth advisory council of volunteers to advocate for gender equality in Metro Vancouver and across Canada. 

Participating in the U.S. Embassy of Canada’s Youth Ambassadors Program as a Mentor, supporting 13 youth from across Canada in their civic engagement projects focused on community service and social inclusion. 

Facilitating youth engagement at AIESEC Simon Fraser University as Vice President of Talent Management, working  with 150+  volunteers locally and internationally, and forming partnerships with businesses to connect newcomer youth in work or volunteer placements.

Teamwork and community mobilization are at the core of what drives me in any role. As an experienced team manager, I have recruited, trained, and mentored staff and volunteers of small-to-medium-sized groups, both in-person at a regional level and virtually across Canada. 

I am based in Vancouver, BC, which I believe would be of value to the ICC team and its connections to the Western region of Canada. I have worked in Pan-Canadian teams remotely within the country and I am confident that I can thrive in this role, despite not being in Toronto. 

It would be a great privilege to step into the role of Director, Volunteering with your team to launch the new civic engagement program for newcomer youth to become active, engaged citizens. I hope we get the chance to work together.

Peggy Chen