Peggy Chen  (she/her)       									

pichen45@gmail.com  |  778.889.0967  |  https://www.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy 

Cassie + FriendsDirector, Programs, Impact and Community Systems



Dear Jennifer,

Social impact and community-building are central to my work as a non-profit leader and public servant. With over a decade of experience leading programs and partnerships across Metro Vancouver and Canada to improve outcomes for children, youth, and their families, I bring expertise in building systems grounded in trusting relationships. I am excited to apply for the Director, Programs, Impact and Community Systems role at Cassie + Friends, as it perfectly aligns with my dedication to child-centred advocacy, movement-building, and community-informed research to drive systems change.

Currently, I am the Inclusion Planner at the City of Richmond, leading research and policy development to advance the community’s social development needs. However, my most fulfilling work has been directly supporting children and their families. At the Vancouver School Board, as the Coordinator responsible for community programs at 24 schools, I supervised a team and supported families facing social vulnerabilities, including newcomers and children with disabilities,  to access everything from after-school programs and community health services to advocacy for individualized supports. I saw firsthand that for a child and their family to thrive, the systems surrounding them must be coherent, reliable, and easy to navigate.

More about my experience and how they align with this role:

Impact Measurement & Learning: Skilled in program evaluation, translating feedback from families into structured data and engaging stories that drive research and funding. At YWCA Metro Vancouver, I led the production of the organization’s annual report to communicate impact to donors and partners.

Building National Community Systems: Experienced board director and advisor to national non-profits, leading peer-support and leadership networks, and supporting fundraising and stewardship initiatives.

Organizational Coordination: A grounded people and operations leader for region-wide programs, I have experience aligning on-the-ground impact with strategic priorities, building family programs from the ground up based on community input and research. 

Like you (from reading the Cassie + Friends website!), I’d never heard of arthritis in children before coming across this role. However, the core of the challenge is one I know well: families navigating complex systems and seeking clarity and support through uncertainty. I am eager to bring my systems-oriented, heart-centred approach to Cassie + Friends to help strengthen your national family navigation model through a time of exciting growth, while ensuring lived experiences remain at the core of the organization. 

With care,Peggy Chen



Operational SpotlightBuilding the Newcomer Youth Program at the Richmond School DistrictIn 2018, I joined the Richmond School District to launch its first Newcomer Youth Program, transitioning a high-level organizational mandate into district-wide operations. While the district recognized the need for specialized newcomer support for youth, it lacked a formal framework to deliver programs and services across its 10 secondary schools. Working alongside a colleague, my role was to build this framework from the ground up, ensuring it was both standardized for the district and adaptable to the unique needs of each school community.

Focusing on four schools with the highest newcomer populations, I conducted needs assessments and consultations with families, school staff, and settlement service agencies to map specific systemic barriers and student needs. Based on these insights, I designed a program model integrating culturally responsive peer mentorship, leadership development, and community connections. In addition to direct program delivery for newcomer youth and their families, I also contributed to staff capacity building, facilitating cultural competency training for teachers and support staff to foster more welcoming and inclusive school environments. By developing adaptable delivery models and evaluation frameworks into a sustainable, scalable system, I supported over 250 students in a single school year, establishing a reliable operating rhythm for school-based newcomer services that continued to drive impact.