Peggy Chen(she/her)

778.889.0967 pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































OpenRoad Foundation - Executive Director



Dear Hiring Committee,

My personal mission is to see local communities engaged and connected, leading to healthier, happier, and more resilient futures. With the support of non-profit and community-minded organizations,  I believe everyday citizens have the potential to advance social change. For the past decade, I have focused my efforts on facilitating community development opportunities, and I am looking to grow and learn more with the OpenRoad Foundation.

Experienced in non-profit sectors, I have worked in small-to-medium-sized charitable organizations and K-12 public school settings, managing projects focused on youth and student leadership. Currently, I am a Community Schools Coordinator at the Vancouver School Board, where I facilitate partnerships between schools and community groups, and lead a team of staff who deliver programs and services to students and families. Day-to-day, I am involved in facilitating consultation processes to identify service gaps, creating connections between school stakeholders and community partners, and overseeing school-based grants and projects.

As a dynamic senior leader in community engagement, I have built connections and partnerships at local, regional, and national levels, with sound knowledge of community resources. I have worked in the areas of marketing, communications, grantmaking, and direct program delivery for organizations like the YWCA Metro Vancouver and S.U.C.C.E.S.S., with portfolios focused on child and youth development, newcomer re-settlement, healthy literacy, and more.  

As a community volunteer, I am currently a board member and secretary of YWCA Canada, the largest and oldest women’s organization in Canada. I co-chair the Young Women’s Leadership & Engagement Committee, which includes oversight of the Young Women’s Leadership Miles fund.  I am currently a board member of YWCA Canada. From my diverse experiences,  I have a clear understanding of the social impact of charitable causes, which has benefited the philanthropic efforts of the organizations I work with.

With roots in the Lower Mainland where OpenRoad Auto Group operates, it would be a great honour for me to work with a local company that will be growing its social impact efforts through its own Foundation. I am excited for the challenges and opportunities that lie ahead for the OpenRoad Foundation, and I believe I would be a great asset to your team as Executive Director.

I hope we get the chance to work together.

Peggy Chen