Peggy Chen  (she/her)       									

PChen@richmond.ca  |  778.889.0967  |  https://www.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy 

City of RichmondElection Communications Officer



Dear Dorothy and Kim,

I am pleased to submit my application for the Planner 2 (Social Planning) position. Over the past three years in my role as Planner 2 (Inclusion), I am proud to have led City-wide initiatives that advance Community Social Development’s goal of increasing social equity, build cross-departmental capacity, strengthen partnerships with community organizations, and advance the Cultural Harmony Plan. I am looking to gain further breadth in the area of social planning to address broader social issues, and this role provides an opportunity for me to both learn and contribute to our department and the City.

Some highlights of my City experience that align with the Social Planning portfolio include:

City-wide equity planning – As staff lead for the Cultural Harmony Plan, I have advised on and applied an equity lens to project planning, strategies, and service delivery organization wide. 

Project and grant management – I continue to oversee City-wide projects such as the Diversity Symposium, driving capacity-building and dialogue on social equity, and enjoyed leading the federally-funded Mosaic Firefly anti-racism program.

Partnership development and cross-departmental collaboration – I represent the City and department’s interests on social equity issues, including multiculturalism and 2SLGBTQI+ inclusion, through the RIAC, SD38 SOGI Advisory Committee, and the internal Pride Week working group.

Prior to joining the City, I oversaw regional operations for the Vancouver School Board’s Community Schools Team, supervising staff and leading planning, research, and partnership development to provide localized, wrap-around supports for children and families from equity-denied backgrounds. My team removed barriers to participation and increased social equity by addressing social issues such as food insecurity, accessible child care, and poverty reduction.

I am excited by the opportunity to apply my expertise in a wide range of social equity issues, research and program management skills, and established relationships to strengthen the City’s social planning function. I look forward to building on the collaborative, equity-driven approach we have fostered within Community Social Development.



With care,Peggy Chen