Peggy Chen(she/her)



ㅡ



Civic Engagement Strategist.Creative Community Developer.Programs and Events Manager.



778-889-0967

pichen45@gmail.com 













































BC’s Office of the Human Rights Commissioner Engagement Advisor



Dear Hiring Committee,

I am a young  woman of colour and a first-generation immigrant settler to the unceded Coast Salish territories. These and my other intersecting identities make up my lived experiences as someone who has been discriminated against because of my gender, race, skin colour, and the language I speak with my family. My experiences have come to define my values centred on community development, where everyone in a community can thrive, have a right to justice, and live free from discrimination.Following years of volunteering for international human rights organizations as a student, my  direct experience in engagement in BC started in the areas of communications and advocacy when I joined the YWCA Metro Vancouver, a non-profit organization with a vision to achieve women’s equality. There, I worked in a dynamic environment leading the communications plan for youth programming, and supported public literacy and education campaigns advancing the YWCA’s strategic plan. My bachelor’s degree in communications and marketing gave me the skills to thrive in writing, producing compelling campaigns and utilizing CRM software, but it was the experience of working in a non-profit setting that drew me deeper into engagement work where I could shift to in-person community building.

For the past 6 years, my roles as an engagement professional have varied with diverse community networks. At the YWCA, I stayed on leading youth engagement programs and events centred on gender equality, utilizing strong project management and organizational skills. In schools and grassroots youth organizations, I engaged with newcomer families, Indigenous youth, and youth from inner-city neighbourhoods to develop community-informed advocacy programming that allowed individuals to thrive on their own terms. Now, I am a Community Schools Coordinator with the Vancouver School Board, where my passion in human rights and equity led to my co-leading of a justice and equity committee, where I facilitate workshops and engagement opportunities focused on supporting community through anti-racist, anti-oppressive, and decolonizing approaches.

To me, the foundations of community engagement are people, respect and trust. Therefore, I place great emphasis on building meaningful relationships and community accountability. Online and in-person, I am often commended for my interpersonal communication skills with diverse ages and identity groups, with strong abilities to easily connect and collaborate with others. I am a natural organizer who enjoys bringing groups with shared goals together.

I am ready for a new challenge in a fast-paced role, in a motivated team with a shared passion for protecting human rights and equal rights to justice. I hope we get the chance to build better, brighter futures together.

Peggy Chen