Peggy Chenshe/her

pichen45@gmail.com778.889.0967 



www.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy 









































The Law Foundation of British ColumbiaGrants Manager, Capacity and Access





Dear Hiring Committee, 

At the heart of my career lies a passion for community-building and mobilizing social change so that all people can thrive. With over a decade of experience in the non-profit sector across Metro Vancouver and Canada, I bring a strong commitment to social equity, relationship-building, and justice-oriented grantmaking to the Grants Manager, Capacity and Access role with your team.

Currently, at the City of Richmond, I provide city-wide leadership on ethnocultural and racial equity initiatives as the Inclusion Planner. My work involves advising staff and City Council on topics such as newcomer inclusion, anti-racism, language access, and cultural harmony. I also lead grant-funded initiatives—most notably, an anti-racism art project focused on building community capacity to respond to racism and hate, and fostering intergenerational relationships. In parallel, I’ve served on adjudication committees for several of the City’s grant programs, including the Health, Social, and Safety Grants, where I also recently helped revitalize the grant guidelines and framework. Through this evaluation and research process, I deepened my familiarity with equitable grantmaking practices and was introduced to—and inspired by—the Foundation’s Racial Justice Grantmaking Framework. 

Beyond my role in municipal social planning, I have worked in program delivery across charitable organizations and public school environments, building capacity, access, and partnerships to strengthen community resilience. I have also held national governance and strategic leadership roles. As a former Board Director with YWCA Canada, I Co-Chaired the Young Women’s Leadership & Engagement Committee, where I supported the leadership development of young women across 32 member associations in Canada. Across all my roles, I have partnered with Indigenous, Black, racialized, newcomer, and equity-denied communities—including women, girls, and youth—to advance access to justice, safety, and inclusion.

I am excited by the Foundation’s commitment to transformative change and trust-based philanthropy. I would be honoured to bring my experiences, community-first approach, and strategic lens to support the Foundation’s work in strengthening equitable access to justice across BC. I hope we have the opportunity to work together!

Peggy Chen