Peggy Chen(she/her)

778.889.0967 pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































City of RichmondInclusion Coordinator



Dear Hiring Committee, 

At the heart of my career is social impact—mobilizing social change for under-represented, equity-deserving communities to thrive. With over a decade of work and volunteer experience in the social services sector in Richmond and across Metro Vancouver, I’ve had the privilege of working alongside diverse communities on programs focused on gender equality, migrant justice, inclusion and belonging, and newcomer re-settlement. I believe my skill sets in developing equity-centered programs, my passion for inclusion and belonging, as well as my connections to the city of Richmond, will be an asset to your team.

Currently, I am a Community Schools Coordinator at the Vancouver School Board, where I facilitate partnerships between schools and community groups, and lead a team of staff who deliver programs and services to students and families from at-risk, vulnerable backgrounds. Day-to-day, I am involved in facilitating consultation and research processes to identify service gaps, creating connections between school stakeholders and partners to develop community action plans, and developing programs for children and youth, all with the goal of creating equal opportunity and inclusion for students to thrive. I am proud to have developed my team’s first diversity and inclusion committee, bringing an anti-racist, anti-oppressive lens into our work. In the past year, this committee led the development of the department’s first anti-racism and inclusion training for staff.

As a dynamic leader in the non-profit sector, I have built connections and partnerships at local and regional levels, maintaining and developing collaborative relationships with diverse sectors to advocate for social inclusion. My roots are in the city of Richmond, and I am proud to have built strong connections in the city from a young age. Prior to my current role, I built professional connections within the settlement sector in Richmond when I worked at the school district’s Settlement Workers in Schools Team and  S.U.C.C.E.S.S., building community opportunities for newcomer youth and their families. 

Richmond was my home for over 20 years, and I still hold close ties to the city I grew up in as a child, as an immigrant, and as a member of a racialized community. My lived experiences have informed my work and passion for community-building within Richmond, playing a role in shaping the city I know and love. As a city with so much diversity, efforts on building equity and inclusion need to be at the forefront to foster true belonging for community members. I hope to work together with your team to build an equitable future, where Richmond is centered on the inclusion and belonging of all everyone who calls the city their home.

Peggy Chen