Peggy Chen(she/her)

778.889.0967 pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































Immigrant Services Society of British ColumbiaDirector, Communications





Dear Hiring Committee, 

With a background in marketing and communications, followed by years of direct program delivery experience in not-for-profit sectors  I’ve had the privilege of working alongside newcomer communities to hear their stories and experiences in British Columbia. I am drawn to work at ISSofBC because, like your organization, I am inspired by the potential of newcomer communities. My professional experiences, along with my values and personal experience as a newcomer,  make me a fit for your Director of Communications role. 

Within marketing and communications, I specialize in digital content development, youth engagement marketing,  and graphic design. Some of my career highlights include:

Managing a  marketing recruitment campaign  to attract students and new grads for an international work exchange program, creating material for diverse newcomer and EAL learners

 Leading  an education program team in their marketing strategies to digitally engage with volunteers and donors

Working on an organization-wide website rebrand, and leading the design and content layout of the strategic plan and annual report

What I love about marketing is being able to meaningfully connect with the communities that are a part of the stories we tell. This is what drew me to shift gears from marketing and communications to direct program delivery roles in settlement and education sectors.

Currently, I am a Community Schools Coordinator at the Vancouver School Board, where I facilitate partnerships between schools and neighbourhood groups, and lead a team that delivers programs for students and families from equity-seeking communities. Day-to-day, I am involved in facilitating consultation processes to identify service gaps, and creating connections between school stakeholders and community partners. Prior to this role, I was a settlement worker at S.U.C.C.E.S.S. and the Richmond School District, where I found joy in bringing my professional skills together with my lived experiences as an immigrant to advocate for newcomers of all ages and backgrounds.

I am looking for a change in my career which brings together the best of both worlds of marketing and community engagement. I believe I would be a great asset to your team, and I hope we get the chance to work together.

Peggy Chen