Peggy Chen

Youth Engagement Strategist.Programs & Events Manager.Creative Community Developer.



778.889.0967

pichen45@gmail.com



http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy



ㅡ















JA British ColumbiaProgram Manager, Vancouver















Dear Hiring Committee,

As an experienced facilitator and program manager for community youth programs in public school and non-profit settings, I was drawn to the Program Manager  position with Junior Achievement of British Columbia to empower youth for lifelong success. With experience working with Greater Vancouver’s business community to support youth education programs, and a keen interest in bridging the gap between non-profit and business sectors to work towards social change, I believe I would be an asset to JA British Columbia’s team.

For the past 6 years, I have worked in diverse roles in Greater Vancouver’s non-profit sector, from marketing and communications, to program management and event planning. Working in organizations including YWCA Metro Vancouver, Check Your Head, and S.U.C.C.E.S.S., has allowed me to oversee diverse themes of youth-focused programs, including gender equality, poverty reduction, and migrant justice. Currently, as a Youth Settlement Worker with the Richmond School District, I bring my background with NGO’s into classroom and school environments, where I work with teachers and administrators to facilitate after-school programs for newcomer high school students to learn about the Richmond community, become active volunteers, and develop social networks. 

Previously, as the Youth Engagement Coordinator at YWCA MetroVancouver, I oversaw a program that empowered youth to become advocates for gender equality. As the project lead, I oversaw everything from program design and evaluations, to community engagement and outreach, and volunteer recruitment and training for youth and adult participants. As key parts of the program funding came from the business community, I frequently liaised with our business partners to establish opportunities to collaborate. For this project, I successfully recruited adult volunteers from our partners to mentor youth in our program, and planned an event for youth participants to share their learnings on gender equality with the business community.

It always surprises others when I tell them that my academic background is in business administration and marketing. Something I have long been curious about is how non-profit and business sectors can work more closely together in innovative ways  for social change and economic development. I believe JA British Columbia embodies the values that should be upheld between industries to collaborate for brighter futures for all. This Program Manager position will allow me to shine as an experienced youth programs facilitator, and also allow me to learn by working closely with business communities. I hope we get the chance to work together to create brighter futures for youth.



Peggy Chen