Peggy Chen

Project & Events Manager.Student Engagement Strategist. 

Creative Community Developer.

ㅡ



778.889.0967

pichen45@gmail.com



http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy















Position #INED48 - International Admissions Specialist

Langara College

100 West 49th AvenueVancouver, BC V5Y 2Z6



Dear Hiring Manager, 

I am a student engagement strategist with over 5 years of experience working in non-profit and education sectors. I have worked with high-school and undergraduate students of diverse backgrounds, including immigrant youth and international students, on projects themed around gender equality  and global citizenship. Passionate about student development and experienced in cross-cultural work environments, I believe I would be an asset to Langara’s International Education team as the International Admissions Specialist.

Currently, I am a Youth Settlement Worker at the Richmond School District, facilitating settlement and integration programs for newcomer high school students. My work involves planning and facilitating leadership programs, providing one-to-one support, and running events and field trips that allow students to learn about Richmond and become engaged community members. Acting as the bridge between newcomer students and their school communities, I also work closely with teachers and other school staff, providing language interpretation and facilitating cultural competency trainings. 

My love for youth development started when I was in university, where I was a part of the international student organization, AIESEC SFU. As VP of Talent Management, I led a team of 10-15 student volunteers to become Ambassadors of our international exchange program, welcoming international student interns through social and cultural events, and facilitating orientations and workshops. I also partnered with university faculty and staff to run on-campus activities. 

Since then, I have managed small- and large-scale youth leadership programs, overseeing everything from program development and evaluations, to budget administration and outreach. My project management experience has led me to develop strong interpersonal communication skills with diverse stakeholders, including students, volunteers, community partners, and university staff. 

Having been a part of several international academic experiences myself, I believe that meaningful international student experiences like what is offered at Langara  can play a key role in shaping students’ paths to leadership as global citizens. My values and passions align closely with the goals of the International Education program, and thus, I hope we get the chance to work together. 

Peggy Chen