Peggy Chen(she/her)

778.889.0967 pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































Langara - Advisor - Equity, Diversity and Inclusion (EDI)



Dear Hiring Committee,

Working in charitable organizations and public education for the past decade has shown me that inclusive community-building starts in education settings. As platforms for learning and development, schools are the roots to Equity, Diversity and Inclusion (EDI) practices that stem into the larger community. Experienced in early-to-middle years development in K-12 school systems, promoting and advising EDI, I am looking for a shift to advance my career in EDI into a local, post-secondary setting, and Langara College looks like the perfect fit.

Currently, I am a Community Schools Coordinator at the Vancouver School Board, where I facilitate neighbourhood partnerships and lead a team of staff to improve student and family school experiences through programming and events, informed by meaningful engagement and dialogue. Part of my role involves conducting qualitative and quantitative evaluations and assessment for programs and services in the Vancouver Midtown family of schools, where I engage various school community stakeholders in consultation opportunities.

Recently, when I noticed that my team’s vision to serve children and families from at-risk backgrounds was not informed by those very groups, I started the team’s first JEDI (justice, equity, diversity, and inclusion) advisory committee, bringing an anti-racist, anti-oppressive lens into our work, with a focus on engaging with and elevating the voices of BIPOC members of our school communities. This committee has mandated that anti-racism and inclusion training be provided for staff and partners that lead programs in schools. My team also prepared and delivered the training presentations.

I am driven by the potential of a team coming together to make an impact, and I believe teamwork, collaboration, and trust-building is at the heart of EDI work. I know Langara College’s excellent reputation as an educational institution in Vancouver, and it is part of what drew me to this role. I believe my skills will be an asset to your team’s vision and mission, and I hope we get the chance to work together.

Peggy Chen