Peggy Chen(she/her)

778.889.0967 pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































Vancouver Chinatown FoundationMarketing Communications Manager





Dear Hiring Committee, 

My personal and professional endeavors have been driven by social impact—mobilizing social change for under-represented, equity-seeking communities to thrive. With a background in marketing and communications, followed by years of direct program delivery experience,  I’ve had the privilege of working alongside diverse communities to hear their stories and experiences. I believe my values and skill sets would be an asset to the Vancouver Chinatown Foundation’s team.

Within marketing and communications, I specialize in digital content development for non-profit organizations, youth engagement marketing,  and graphic design. I have managed marketing recruitment initiatives to attract students and new grads for an international work exchange program, and led a youth education team in their marketing strategies to engage with volunteers and donors.  I am skilled in print production, social media and digital content development, graphic design, and writing, and have led successful social media campaigns for local and national organizations.

What I love about marketing is being able to meaningfully connect with the communities that are a part of the stories we tell. This is what drew me to shift gears from marketing and communications to direct program delivery roles.

Currently, I am a Community Schools Coordinator at the Vancouver School Board, where I facilitate partnerships between schools and neighbourhood groups, and lead a team that delivers programs for students and families from equity-seeking communities. Day-to-day, I am involved in facilitating consultation processes to identify service gaps, and creating connections between school stakeholders and community partners.

I am looking for a change in my career which brings together the best of both worlds of marketing and community engagement. To bring this to fruition with one of my favourite Vancouver neighbourhoods - Chinatown, would be a dream! I stand by the Vancouver Chinatown Foundation’s values of revitalizing and connecting the neighbourhood, and the important role the Foundation plays in mobilizing social change. I  hope we get the chance to work together.

Peggy Chen