Peggy Chen(she/her)

778.889.0967 pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































BC Public Service - Marketing Lead, Diversity and Inclusion





Dear Hiring Committee, 

At the heart of what drives my career endeavors is social impact—mobilizing social change for under-represented, equity-deserving communities to thrive. With a background in marketing and communications, followed by years of program delivery experience for diverse projects,  I’ve had the privilege of working alongside equity-deserving communities to hear their stories and experiences. I believe my values and skillsets would be an asset to your team.

Complementing my post-secondary degree in Marketing and Communications, I held recruitment marketing roles for diverse talent communities in the non-profit sector. I managed marketing recruitment initiatives to attract students and new grads for an international work exchange program, and led a youth education team in their marketing recruitment strategies for students and adult mentors. I am skilled in print production, social media and digital content development, graphic design, and writing, and have led successful social media campaigns for local and national organizations.

What I love about marketing is being able to meaningfully connect with the communities that are a part of the stories we tell. This is what drew me to shift gears from marketing and communications to direct program delivery roles.

Currently, I am a Community Schools Coordinator at the Vancouver School Board, where I facilitate partnerships between schools and neighbourhood groups, and lead a team that delivers programs for students and families from equity-deserving communities. Day-to-day, I am involved in facilitating consultation processes to identify service gaps, creating connections between school stakeholders and community partners, and overseeing program design. Rooted in my work is equity-centered design, where programs and opportunities are informed by the very communities we aim to serve—this practice has led to meaningful relationship-building with folks from IBPOC communities, 2SLGBTQ+ communities, and persons with a disability. 

I am looking for a change in my career which brings together the best of both worlds of marketing and community relations. I look forward to maintaining and building relationships with the communities I love working with while bringing back my creative, out-of-the-box thinking to support marketing initiatives that will engage these same communities. I hope we get the chance to work together.

Peggy Chen