March 11, 2025



Letter of Recommendation for Peggy Chen				          		

Mosaic Taiwan 2025 Fellowship Exchange Program 



Dear Selection Committee (TECO Vancouver):



I am delighted to recommend Peggy Chen for the Taiwan Ministry of Foreign Affairs’ Mosaic Taiwan 2025 Fellowship Exchange Program. I first met Peggy in 2018 when she was selected as an adult educator for the Youth Ambassadors Program with Canada, a cultural exchange program sponsored by the U.S. Department of State. This program was administered by World Learning in partnership with SUNY Plattsburgh’s Center for the Study of Canada and supported by the U.S. Embassy in Ottawa and Fulbright Canada. With a focus on U.S.-Canada relations, the program was designed to develop youth leaders with a strong sense of civic responsibility, a commitment to community development, an awareness of global issues, and strong interpersonal skills. 



At the time, Peggy was a Youth Settlement Worker at the Richmond School District, supporting newcomer youth from diverse backgrounds in their transitions to Canada. This experience, along with her leadership in advocating for youth in Vancouver and across Canada, made her an ideal adult educator for the program, where she guided high school students in civic engagement and cross-cultural exchange. Throughout the three-week exchange program in the U.S.A., Peggy demonstrated exceptional interpersonal skills, adaptability, and a deep commitment to fostering intercultural understanding. She supported youth in developing community service projects, engaged with and learned from government officials and civic leaders, and built meaningful relationships with peers, colleagues, and host families. She also remained an active program alumna, sharing opportunities with participants to promote leadership opportunities and assisted the U.S. Embassy in Ottawa with promotional efforts related to the Youth Ambassadors Program.



I strongly support Peggy’s candidacy for the Mosaic Taiwan Fellowship. While I am already impressed by her contributions to the Youth Ambassadors Program and her broader community, I believe this fellowship will significantly enhance her professional development as she advances her career as a civic leader. Since the Youth Ambassadors Program, Peggy has remained a dedicated public servant and is currently a social planner in local government at the City of Richmond, where she leads ethnocultural equity and inclusion initiatives. As her experience has primarily been in North America, this opportunity will allow her to expand her understanding of international relations and Taiwan’s political and cultural landscape while connecting with public affairs professionals from Taiwan, Canada, and the U.S. Her diplomacy, cross-cultural leadership, dedication to civic engagement, and interest in learning about Taiwan’s culture and society make her an excellent fit for this program.



It would be a pleasure to answer any questions. 



Sincerely,





Amy Sotherden, Assistant Director

518-564-2385; sotheral@plattsburgh.edu