Peggy Chen

Facilitator.Project Manager. Creative Community Developer.



778.889.0967

pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































Public Library InterLINKFacilitator - Library Champions Project











Dear NewToBC team,

My own newcomer experience to Canada more than 20 years ago has led to many of my career goals, interests, and values. As a new kid on the block, the welcoming connection of new peers taught me to value community care. As an EAL speaker, I came to love the library as it was my place to learn. My experience also came with hardships, which led me to value justice, advocacy and equity in my professional career in social services. The opportunity to become a Facilitator for the Library Champions Project aligns with my passions, and I believe I would be an asset to your team.

With various non-profit groups in Metro Vancouver, I have over a decade of experience in program and project management, overseeing everything from outreach and promotion, to volunteer recruitment and training, and monitoring project targets and outcomes. I spent some blissful years providing direct settlement services with S.U.C.C.E.S.S. and the Settlement Workers in Schools team in Richmond, where I gained knowledge of newcomer settlement and integration needs, and worked closely with youth and families. 

Currently, I am a Community Schools Coordinator at the Vancouver School Board, where I use an asset-based community development approach to facilitate neighbourhood partnerships, and lead a team of staff to improve student and family school experiences through programming and events. What I love about my job is the capacity-building of community - when individuals are supported, connected, and have a common purpose, that’s when communities flourish and thrive.

What excites me most about the Library Champions Project are the aspects of mentorship, community-building in libraries, and that newcomers are empowered to use their own experiences to support others. By centering the experiences of Library Champions, communities grow and benefit from the knowledge of newcomers, which I believe is key to sustainable community development. 

I hope our values align, and that we get the chance to work together. 

Peggy Chen