Peggy Chen

(she/her)



778.889.0967 

pichen45@gmail.com



ㅡPositionality Statement: 



I am an uninvited guest living in “Vancouver” on the stolen territories of the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh (Squamish), and səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh) Nations. I am a racialized woman with an invisible disability who immigrated to Vancouver from Taipei, Taiwan. I recognize the ongoing impacts of colonization on Indigenous, Black and racialized peoples in Canada, and have committed to promoting human dignity and protecting the human rights of the lands I called home. 











































BC’s Office of the Human Rights Commissioner Manager, Policy

Dear Hiring Committee:

My positionality statement and intersecting experiences make up the “why” of the life I choose to lead in the community I want to live in. For me, this looks like a community where basic human rights are met, where we treat one another with dignity and respect, and where everyone feels a sense of comfort and belonging.  Fittingly, my experiences as a social policy planner and equity-based program manager have allowed me to influence human rights policy in British Columbia and across Canada over the past 10 years. Currently, I am a social policy planner in local government at the City of Richmond, where I provide city-wide leadership, expertise and advice on diversity, equity and inclusion topics to City Council and departments as they relate to policy planning and community development. My areas of focus include policy analysis and public education on topics such as multiculturalism, anti-racism, immigration, gender equity and inclusion for 2SLGBTQI+ communities, newcomers, and Black, Indigenous, and racialized communities. I love the community engagement aspects of this role, where I work with private and non-profit partners, as well as general community members who inform the policies and practices I write to ensure that they represent the diverse individuals who call Richmond home. 

Before my time in local government, I had the pleasure of working in public school settings and charitable organizations, leading programs focused on gender equity, migrant justice, child and youth development, and general community development. Most recently, at the Vancouver School Board, I supervised a team of staff and volunteers who worked to ensure that children, youth and families from equity-deserving groups have access to community programs and resources through the comfort of their school environment. In this leadership role, I led policy consultation processes with schools, service organizations and families to develop community-informed programs that led individuals to thrive on their terms. I also developed and co-led my team’s Justice, Equity & Inclusion committee, which designed and facilitated the team’s first anti-racism training and policy for staff and volunteers through an anti-racist, anti-oppressive lens. 

I practice ongoing learning through my commitment to human rights. Currently, I am completing a certificate in Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion which complements the technical writing and communication skills I gained through my degree in Marketing and Communications.

I am ready for a new challenge with a team that shares the values of protecting human rights and equal rights to justice through the Office of the Human Rights Commissioner. I hope we get the chance to build better, brighter futures together.

Peggy Chen