Peggy Chen  (she/her)       									

pichen45@gmail.com  |  778.889.0967  |  Vancouver, BC |  https://www.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy 

Building Resilient Neighbourhoods (BRN)Project and Communications Coordinator



Dear Hiring Team,

Community connection and resilience are central to my work as a non-profit leader and public servant. With over a decade of experience managing social impact projects across Metro Vancouver and Canada, I am passionate about fostering partnerships, strengthening communities, and supporting equity-deserving groups. I am excited about the opportunity to bring my experience and values to BRN as Project & Communications Coordinator.

Currently, I am the Inclusion Planner at the City of Richmond, providing city-wide leadership on ethnocultural equity, diversity, and inclusion. I manage projects and facilitate dialogue on multiculturalism, anti-racism, gender equity, and newcomer integration, and I lead the implementation of the Cultural Harmony Plan, advising staff on ways to foster intercultural connections - aligning directly with BRN’s mission to grow neighbour-to-neighbour connections and community resilience.

My education, skills, and experience interface with BRN’s work and this role in the following ways:

Project Coordination, Facilitation  & Community Engagement: I have led government-funded programs, coordinated partnerships, and facilitated workshops and events engaging diverse participants, including older adults, newcomers, and youth. 

Marketing, Communications & Outreach: My education is in marketing and communications. I am a generalist experienced in developing newsletters, social media content, reports, graphic designs and web materials. Paired with my recent experience working with equity-denied groups, I am skilled in tailoring accessible communications for diverse audiences. 

Evaluation & Program Development: Through leading short-term and multi-year programs and services, I have designed and implemented evaluation tools, synthesized findings, and applied insights to improve program service delivery models. 

I am proud to identify as an immigrant, a former newcomer, and racialized settler on the unceded and traditional Coast Salish Lands. As I continue to do my part in building community resilience, I am committed to naming and unlearning colonial practices in pursuit of just and equitable communities. I hope we get the chance to work together!



With care,Peggy Chen