Peggy Chen(she/her)

778.889.0967 pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































NPower CanadaRegional Director, British Columbia



Dear Hiring Committee,

At the heart of what drives my career endeavors is social impact—mobilizing social change for under-represented, equity-deserving communities to thrive. With over a decade of work and volunteer experience in the non-profit sector in Metro Vancouver and across Canada, I’ve had the privilege of working alongside diverse communities through programs focused on youth development and capacity building. I believe my values and skills align with what your team is looking for in the role of Regional Director for British Columbia.

Within the non-profit sector, I have worked in small-to-medium-sized charitable organizations and K-12 public school settings. Currently, I am a Community Schools Coordinator at the Vancouver School Board, where I facilitate partnerships between schools and neighbourhood groups, and lead a team of staff and volunteers who deliver out-of-school-time programs and services to children and youth. Day-to-day, I am involved in facilitating consultation processes to identify service gaps, creating connections between school stakeholders and community partners, and overseeing program design and evaluation.

As a dynamic senior leader in community engagement, I have built connections and partnerships at local, regional, and national levels, maintaining and developing lasting relationships. I am well-connected to social services in Metro Vancouver, having previously worked in organizations such as the YWCA Metro Vancouver and S.U.C.C.E.S.S., and I have worked with Pan-Canadian teams on projects focused on gender equality and civic engagement. I am currently a board member and secretary of YWCA Canada, the largest and oldest women’s organization in Canada; part of my role involves advocating for young women’s participation and leadership at decision-making tables, equipping young leaders for career growth and progression. 

I am looking for a change in my career which is focused on youth training and development, and I hope to expand the scope of my work to support a regional community. The role of Regional Director, British Columbia with NPower Canada sounds like the perfect fit which will allow me to grow, flourish, and utilize my skillsets. I hope we get the chance to work together.



Peggy Chen