Peggy Chen(she/her)

778.889.0967 pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































Canadian Race Relations FoundationRegional Coordinator (BC/NWT/Yukon)



Dear Hiring Committee, 

At the heart of what drives my career endeavors is social impact—mobilizing social change for under-represented, equity-deserving communities to thrive. With over   a decade of work and volunteer experience in the non-profit sector in Metro Vancouver and across Canada, I’ve had the privilege of working alongside diverse communities on programs focused on youth development, newcomer re-settlement, and gender equality. I believe my skillsets in community engagement, as well as my passion for racial equity and justice, would be an asset to the Canadian Race Relations Foundation’s team.

Currently, I am a Community Schools Coordinator at the Vancouver School Board, where I facilitate partnerships between schools and community groups, and lead a team of staff who deliver programs and services to students and families from equity-seeking backgrounds. Day-to-day, I am involved in facilitating consultation processes to identify service gaps, creating connections between school stakeholders and community partners, and overseeing school-based grants and projects. I am proud to have developed my team’s first justice and equity committee, bringing an anti-racist, anti-oppressive lens into our work, with a focus on engaging with and elevating the voices of BIPOC members of our school communities. This committee has mandated that anti-racism and inclusion training be provided for all staff and partners who lead programs in schools.

As a dynamic senior leader in community engagement, I have built connections and partnerships at local, regional, and national levels, maintaining and developing lasting relationships. As a community volunteer, I am currently a board member and secretary of YWCA Canada, the largest and oldest women’s organization in Canada. I co-chaired the Young Women’s Leadership & Engagement Committee, which includes grant fund administration of the Young Women’s Leadership Miles, providing leadership opportunities for young women across YWCA’s in Canada.

I am looking for a change in my career which aligns with my values of racial equity and justice, while expanding the scope of my skillsets to support a regional community. The role of Regional Coordinator with the Canadian Race Relations Foundations sounds like the perfect fit. I  hope we get the chance to work together.

Peggy Chen