Peggy Chen

(she/her)



778.889.0967 

pichen45@gmail.com















































Up With WomenRegional Manager for Western Canada— Dear Hiring Committee,

Community and social impact are at the heart of my career—mobilizing meaningful change for equity-deserving communities to thrive. With over a decade of experience leading programs and initiatives in Metro Vancouver and across Canada for and with women and gender-diverse individuals, I am passionate about building capacity and partnerships toward equitable, sustainable futures. I am excited about the opportunity to bring my values and skills to Up With Women as the Regional Manager for Western Canada.

I’ve had the privilege of working with engaged teams to improve the lives of equity-deserving groups, including newcomers, women and girls, 2SLGBTQI+ groups, and racialized communities. Some highlights of my career include:

Championing gender equity through the local and national YWCA movement: As a part of the communications and advocacy team at YWCA Metro Vancouver, I worked with diverse sectors and staff to champion gender equity and improve the lives of women experiencing poverty and violence. My leadership skills took me to the YWCA Canada Board of Directors, where I continued my advocacy at the national level through strategic planning, fundraising, and regional capacity building. Uplifting children and families at the Vancouver School Board: I fostered community connections amongst 4 high schools and 20 elementary schools, engaging with school staff, families, and local partners to understand community gaps and opportunities to support children and families from equity-deserving backgrounds. I am proud to have led an engaged team of staff and volunteers who delivered programs and services to support children and families going through hardship, with care and intention.Advocating for sustainable equity and inclusion as a spokesperson and leader: I have spoken at international forums such as the United Nations Commission on the Status of Women on the gender wage gap and its impacts on racialized women, and spearheaded committees on anti-racism and anti-oppression. Through my leadership, the Vancouver School Board’s Community Schools Team offered its first anti-racism training for staff, ensuring programs and services were delivered with cultural safety in mind. 

I am excited about the opportunity to contribute to the mission of Up With Women to promote equitable and sustainable pathways out of poverty, toward joy and liberation. I look forward to discussing how my background and skills align with the needs of your team. 



Peggy Chen