Peggy Chen

Youth Engagement Strategist.Project Manager.Creative Community Developer.



778.889.0967

pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































Langara CollegeHomestay Coordinator



Dear Hiring Committee,

I joined the Richmond School District’s Settlement Workers in Schools (SWIS)  team last year as a Youth Settlement Worker and had the pleasure of launching the Newcomer Youth Program for high-school students in Richmond. With the support of teachers, administrators, community members, and more, I saw the immense impact that the program has made on newcomer students as well as their peers in creating a school environment that is inclusive and accepting of newcomer students as they transition to life in Canada.

Through my time with SWIS, I have also been able to work closely with international students, who often face similar experiences and challenges with settling in Canada. The Homestay Coordinator position with Langara College seems like the perfect fit for me to explore my interests in working with post-secondary students, while continuing to support newcomers to Canada. 

Prior to my time with SWIS, I worked for various international and local not-for-profit organizations focused on cultural exchange, youth leadership and settlement services. I have taken part in international exchanges myself, with experiences staying in homestays, and on the other hand, have facilitated international programs for students. Last summer, I had the pleasure of volunteering for the Youth Ambassadors Program with Canada as a Mentor, supporting Canadian high-school students in  a cultural exchange to New York State, where they worked on community service projects, while fully immersed in local communities. 

For 3 years, I was involved with the international student-run organization AIESEC, which facilitates work and volunteer exchanges abroad. I welcomed international students to Vancouver and provided support with their  work placements and accommodations, and prepared local students to go abroad through cultural-competency training.

I am passionate about youth development, and find international experiences are one of the most enriching programs students can go through to develop curiosity and a sense of global citizenship. Already experienced in working in a school environment with newcomer students,  I am confident that I bring the skills and expertise to excel in the Homestay Coordinator position with your team.

I hope we have the chance to work together.

Peggy Chen