Peggy Chen

(she/her)



778.889.0967 

pichen45@gmail.com















































TELUSSenior Community Investment Manager | Vancouver & Coastal

Dear Hiring Committee:Over a decade of experience in the charitable and public sector has taught me that meaningful social impact needs to include partnerships and investments from all sectors. Grounded by the principles of community social development through direct program delivery focused on gender equity, child and youth development, and social justice, with the addition of grant administration, fund development, corporate giving, and board governance experience, I am passionate about bringing people together to do good in the community. My first impression of TELUS was that they provided pretty great internet in my childhood home. My later impressions of TELUS were the critter comforts and the fact that TELUS volunteers were active at my workplace, the YWCA Metro Vancouver, supporting after-school programs and holiday gift and food drives for single moms. My first-hand experience witnessing the positive impact of corporate giving has led to a life-long career committed to partnership development, promoting social purpose and volunteerism, and encouraging dialogue on social impact and social issues. Currently, I am a social policy planner in local government at the City of Richmond, where I provide city-wide leadership, expertise and advice on diversity, equity and inclusion topics to City Council and staff. My focus areas include policy analysis and public education on topics such as multiculturalism, anti-racism, immigration, gender equity and inclusion for 2SLGBTQI+ groups, newcomers, and racialized communities. As part of my role, I advise on the City’s Health, Safety, and Social grants program; I love the community engagement aspects of this program, where I manage relationships with grant recipients and partners, see the impact their services make and how it collectively helps advance my focus areas in social planning. 

I stay engaged in the charitable sector and recently wrapped up a Board term with the YWCA Canada, a national organization focused on advancing gender equity for women, girls, Two-Spirit and gender-diverse people. I served as the Board secretary and co-chaired the Young Women’s Leadership and Engagement Committee, working with executive leaders, board directors, and members of 32 local YWCA Associations across Canada through governance, strategic planning, fundraising, and organizational leadership. I am skilled and trained in board governance and operations, and I am a strong advocate for board and leadership diversity which represents the communities of service. 

Coincidentally, TELUS was also a partner of the YWCA Canada during my time as a board member. Many heartwarming and trusting impressions later, I hope my next impression of TELUS is that of a future team with the shared value of doing community good. I hope we get the chance to work together. 

Peggy Chen