Peggy Chen

(she/her)



778.889.0967 

pichen45@gmail.com















































BCAASenior Manager, Corporate Purpose

Dear Hiring Committee:Over a decade of experience in the charitable and public sector has taught me that meaningful social impact needs to include partnerships and investments from all industries. Grounded by the principles of community social development through direct program and service delivery, I have witnessed the positive impact that corporate social responsibility and community investment can have on our People and Planet. Paired with skills in policy planning, board governance, and community engagement,  I am committed to encouraging dialogue on social impact and social issues for the good of our community. I believe I would be a great fit for BCAA’s community impact team. Currently, I am a social policy planner in local government at the City of Richmond, where I provide city-wide leadership, expertise and advice on diversity, social equity and inclusion topics to City Council and senior staff. As part of my role, I am a City representative to community groups such as the Local Immigration Partnership Network, where I collaborate with partners and offer expertise on social impact best practices related to anti-racism, reconciliation, and the inclusion of equity-deserving groups. At the City, I supervise junior Planners and Planning Assistants, providing leadership and mentorship in advancing social equity and community development. In my former role at the Vancouver School Board, I managed a high-functioning team of staff who delivered impactful, community-informed programs and services for children and youth in over 20 schools. 

I stay engaged in social service sectors and have influenced social responsibility in Metro Vancouver and across Canada through leadership roles on local and national non-profit boards. I am a proud ambassador and confident spokesperson for causes I support, and my efforts have been recognized by groups like UN Women and the U.S. Embassy in Canada.

I am looking for a shift in my career to drive social impact from a corporate perspective, and BCAA’s Senior Manager of Corporate Purpose role sounds like a perfect match. With my heart rooted in community development and social good, I believe I can bring community impact to life at BCAA. I hope we get the chance to work together. 

Peggy Chen