Peggy Chen(she/her)

778.889.0967 pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































Simon Fraser UniversityProgram Manager, Uggla Family Scholarship Program



Dear Hiring Committee,

My personal mission is to see local communities engaged and connected, leading to healthier, happier, and more resilient futures. For the past decade, this mission has led me to work with students and youth, cultivating their leadership potential to become resilient and successful with academic and career trajectories. As an alumna of SFU, I am proud to see the Uggla Family Scholarship Program come to be, and I believe I would be an asset to the community as the Program Manager.

Experienced in non-profit sectors, I have worked in small-to-medium-sized charitable organizations and K-12 public school settings, managing projects focused on youth leadership and capacity building. Currently, I am a Community Schools Coordinator at the Vancouver School Board, where I facilitate partnerships between schools and diverse neighbourhood groups, and lead a team of staff who deliver out-of-school-time programs and enhanced learning services for students, including post-secondary transition support to universities.

My team’s programs engage students from vulnerable or under-served backgrounds who often face barriers to participation. Day-to-day, I am involved in facilitating research consultation processes to identify service gaps, creating connections between school stakeholders and community partners, and overseeing program curriculum design, all through an intersectional lens. As a result of integrating anti-oppressive, trauma-informed practices into program design, the most rewarding part of my role is seeing students shine and build confidence through programs that are mindful and inclusive of their needs. 

Prior to the school board, I worked in the charitable sector and have stayed connected through volunteerism. At the local YWCA, I developed skills in marketing and communications,  and led a cohort of students through a leadership program focused on gender equality. Through national organizations like YWCA Canada and Fora: Network for Change, I gained governance and board committee experience. These experiences have allowed me to gain advancement and stewardship skills and build relationships with diverse stakeholders.

As an SFU alumna, it has always been my hope to come back and work for my alma mater, to provide opportunities for the next generation of leaders and changemakers, as many others did for me as a student. My background and values are a fit for the Uggla Family Scholarship Program’s vision, and I believe I would be a great asset to the university and the program’s community.

Peggy Chen