Peggy Chen

| Digital Content Strategist. | Project & Events Manager. | Creative Community Developer.



778.889.0967

pichen45@gmail.com



http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy



ㅡ



Digital Media & Design Samples:



Social Media Recruitment Campaign: YWCA Youth Committee

bit.ly/2HlzmeH 



Video: YWCA Youth Programs (Strategic Planning & Storyboard)

youtu.be/apcwTFr3Uxg



Web Maintenance & Development:YWCA Youth Programsbit.ly/2wxFJaf





Writing Samples:



Work and Volunteer Abroad with AIESEC (Canadian Student Magazine, pg. 68-71)

bit.ly/2EqNJ1I 



The Benefits of Volunteering After Graduation 

bit.ly/2gZfRkB



Blog Posts: Youth Engagement & Volunteer Recruitment at YWCA 

bit.ly/2w5U8hK

















Project ManagerUBC Vancouver - Equity Office

University of British Columbia

Equity & Inclusion Office

Vancouver Campus

2306 – 1874 East Mall

Vancouver, BC Canada V6T 1Z1





Dear Ms. Carla Deresh & Hiring Manager,

I am a creative community developer  interested in using social media and  digital storytelling  to support programs centred around student and youth development. For the past 7 years, I have worked in non-profit and education sectors, utilizing my communications, program management and marketing recruitment skills to support student leadership programs. As a communications professional experienced in student recruitment and engagement,  I believe I would be an asset to the Faculty of Education’s team.

My background is in non-profit Marketing and Communications, primarily  with youth-focused organizations,  specializing in digital content development, social media marketing and graphic design. I excel naturally in creative roles, and am interested in the ways in which media can engage with inter-generational, multi-stakeholder audiences. As an alumna of SFU, I first got involved in student recruitment marketing on campus; as the Marketing Coordinator of the student-run organization AIESEC, I engaged with SFU students and university chapters abroad to promote our international leadership  programs.

Most recently at YWCA Metro Vancouver, I  implemented a communications strategy for multi-stakeholder engagement to  promote our Youth Education Programs. I created a streamlined social media strategy for our youth participants and volunteers,  and used client success stories to prepare impact reports to share with donors and business partners through traditional print productions. Online and offline, I have been commended for my interpersonal communication skills with diverse audiences and stakeholders.

Two years ago, I made a transition from working in marketing to where I am now—I am a Youth Settlement Worker at the Richmond School District, leading after-school programs and providing  support for newcomer high school students. This role has enriched my passion for creating meaningful, educational  pathways for students, and built my cultural-competency through working with international and immigrant students, and other school staff.

I am looking for a new challenge which will allow me to combine my interests in student development and digital marketing. The Communications and Marketing Coordinator position with the Faculty of Education seems like the perfect fit, and I am excited for the prospect of returning to my alma mater to share all that SFU has to offer.

I  hope we get the chance to work together.

Peggy Chen