please tell us why supporting Indigenous entrepreneurs matters to you.





Hey Shopify Team!



From a glance at my resume, one might cock their head at how my experiences in non-profit, education, and youth development work can translate to a company like Shopify. In all honesty, I didn’t think I would find a fit in the tech industry either - that is, until I saw this role of Program Lead for Indigenous Entrepreneurship with your team. I believe my 10+ years of experience in community capacity building, partnerships, and stakeholder relations in Vancouver and across Canada would be an asset to your team.



One common theme across the various roles I have held is capacity building, which I believe is what this Program Lead role is all about. I have managed projects which allowed me to work with equity-deserving communities, including IBPOC youth, young women, and newcomers, where I support their personal and leadership development, as well as entrepreneurial projects they undertake. In 2018, I was an Adult Mentor to the USA-Canada Youth Ambassadors Program, where I mentored youth across Canada in their self-led projects, supporting everything from outreach and marketing strategy to financial planning and business development. As a community connector, I have facilitated partnerships across a variety of sectors, creating mutually beneficial outcomes for all stakeholders. Projects I oversaw have benefited from supporters in government, small businesses, and private companies as donors, volunteers, mentors, and business partners. 



As a non-Indigenous settler in so-called-Canada, supporting Indigenous entrepreneurs comes without question to me as part of my commitment to Indigenous sovereignty and reconciliation. Supporting Indigenous entrepreneurs matters to me because it is important to amplify Indigenous creators to pave way for success on their native land, in a sector that has systemically held barriers to equity-deserving communities. 



It is not unbeknownst to me that my positionality as a non-Indigenous person may not be the best fit for a program focused on Indigenous entrepreneurship. While I do feel it would most valuable for a role like this one to be filled by an Indigenous person, I do also recognize the importance of having allies show up in community-centered work, hence why I decided to apply for this position. I commit to working with and co-creating with Indigenous communities on your team, and hope we can work together to create an e-commerce system that is equitable and accessible to everyone.