Peggy Chen(she/her)

778.889.0967 pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































City of VancouverSocial Planner III (Projects & Emerging Priorities) 



Dear Hiring Committee, 

At the heart of my career is social impact—mobilizing social change for under-represented, equity-deserving communities to thrive.  For the past decade, I have worked and actively volunteered within municipal government, school boards, and charitable organizations, providing strategic leadership and overseeing policy and projects focused on inclusion and belonging, accessibility, gender equity, multiculturalism and reconciliation. My values and skills align with the role of Social Planner III for Projects & Emerging Priorities, and I believe I will be an asset to the City of Vancouver’s Cultural Services team.Currently, I am the Inclusion Coordinator (Social Planning) at the City of Richmond, where I provide city-wide leadership and subject matter expertise in diversity and inclusion topics to City Council and departments as they relate to policy planning, program and service delivery, community engagement and community development. Day-to-day, I am involved in partnership development, writing, research and data analysis which informs policy and strategic projects on anti-racism, multiculturalism, reconciliation, 2SLGBTQI+ inclusion, and accessibility.  In addition, I oversee the implementation of the Council-adopted Cultural Harmony Plan and serve as the staff liaison to the Council-appointed Intercultural Advisory Committee. I am proud to have launched the City’s Newcomers Video Series last year, ensuring language and cultural accessibility of the project as it reaches the City’s diverse newcomer communities. Prior to joining the City of Richmond, I was a Community Schools Team Coordinator at the Vancouver School Board. There, I oversaw the development of accessible out-of-school time programs and services for children and families from equity-deserving backgrounds, with a focus on arts and culture, social-emotional learning and social connectedness. I supervised, trained and mentored a team of staff and volunteers in program delivery, which was designed in collaboration with local service organizations, advocacy groups, and the school community. 

I have been enjoying the transition into municipal government, which I joined less than a year ago. However, I miss the aspect of working closely with the arts and culture sector, as well as coaching and mentoring a team of staff. With demonstrated experience leading a staff team within the public sector and advancing policy and projects within a municipality, I am confident that I will thrive in your team.I hope we get the chance to work together. 

Peggy Chen





I am the City’s Inclusion Coordinator, working in the Community Social Development team. In this role, I provide city-wide leadership and subject matter expertise in DEI topics to City Council and departments as they relate to policy planning, program and service delivery, community engagement and community development. Some notable projects I have taken on during my time with the City include the Diversity Symposium, Pride Week, the launch of the Newcomers Video Series, and the ongoing implementation of the Cultural Harmony Plan.



The Vancouver School Board's Community Schools Team provides access to opportunities for children and families from at-risk, vulnerable backgrounds who face barriers to participation in community programs. On this team, I formed and co-led my team’s DEI committee, which designed and facilitated the team’s first anti-racism and inclusion training for staff and volunteers. Day to day, my role involved developing programs centered on social-emotional learning, and developing partnerships and opportunities between schools and community-service organizations, bringing an asset-based community development approach to supporting children and families.

As part of the Richmond School District's Settlement Workers in Schools Team, I supported newcomer youth and their families in school and community environments, providing programming, mentorship, and community connection opportunities. I developed and facilitated cultural competency trainings and learning resources for school staff to support newcomer youth and their families. I also worked with school staff and partners in identifying community needs and priorities, advocating for inclusive environments for newcomers in Richmond to thrive.

In this contract role, I led a youth-led, youth-run research project focused on the social determinants of health for youth in inner-city neighbourhoods. In partnership with the research team, I coordinated a series of peer-led youth workshops informed by inner-city experiences and managed project deliverables, including program operations, evaluations, budget administration, and reporting.

At the YWCA Metro Vancouver, I was a Marketing Assistant and Youth Engagement Coordinator, both of which fell within the Communications and Advocacy team. As a Marketing Assistant, I led the development and implementation of the YWCA Youth Team’s Marketing and Outreach strategy, creating a streamlined approach to engaging with diverse program stakeholders. I also prepared communication materials which advanced our advocacy priorities with community partners, municipal government, and the general public. As a Youth Engagement Coordinator, I worked with a Youth Advisory Council to plan the YWCA's annual youth media literacy conference and developed partnerships with diverse sectors to champion youth leadership inclusion and gender equity.