Peggy Chen(she/her)

778.889.0967 pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































Canadian Equality ConsultingStrategist



Dear Hiring Committee, 

At the heart of my career is social impact—mobilizing social change for under-represented, equity-deserving communities to thrive. With over a decade of work and volunteer experience in the social services sector in Metro Vancouver and across Canada, I’ve had the privilege of working alongside diverse communities on projects focused on gender equality, migrant justice, inclusion and belonging, and youth leadership. I believe my skill sets in project management and strategy, as well as my passion for equality and inclusion, will be an asset to Canadian Equality Consulting’s team.

Currently, I am a Community Schools Coordinator at the Vancouver School Board, where I facilitate partnerships between schools and community groups and lead a team of staff who deliver programs and services to students from underrepresented communities. Day-to-day, I am involved in facilitating consultation and research processes to identify service gaps, creating connections between school stakeholders and partners to develop community action plans, and managing school-based projects focused on youth development, all with the goal of creating equal opportunity and inclusion for students who face barriers to participation. I am proud to have developed my team’s first diversity and inclusion committee, bringing an anti-racist, anti-oppressive lens into our work. In the past year, this committee led the development of the department’s first anti-racism and inclusion training for staff.

As a dynamic leader in community engagement, I have built connections and partnerships at local, regional, and national levels, maintaining and developing collaborative relationships. I am currently a board member and secretary of YWCA Canada, the largest and oldest women’s organization in Canada. Part of my role involves working with executive leadership members of local YWCA associations to advocate for gender equality through a Pan-Canadian lens. As an advocate for young women’s leadership, I led the national YWCA movement in advancing young women’s participation in leadership and training opportunities through the Young Women’s Leadership Miles project. 

I am looking for a change in my career into the consulting world which aligns with my values of equality, inclusion, and belonging, while expanding the scope of my skill sets outside the social services sector.  Joining your team as a Strategist sounds like the perfect fit. I hope we get the chance to work together.

Peggy Chen