Peggy Chen

| Digital Content Strategist. | Project & Events Manager. | Creative Community Developer.



778.889.0967

pichen45@gmail.com



http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy



ㅡ



Digital Media & Design Samples:



Social Media Recruitment Campaign: YWCA Youth Committee

bit.ly/2HlzmeH 



Video: YWCA Youth Programs (Strategic Planning & Storyboard)

youtu.be/apcwTFr3Uxg



Web Maintenance & Development:YWCA Youth Programsbit.ly/2wxFJaf



Graphic Design: YWCA Annual Report

bit.ly/2w5zHBr





Writing Samples:



Blog Posts: Youth Engagement & Volunteer Recruitment at YWCA 

bit.ly/2w5U8hK



Work and Volunteer Abroad with AIESEC (Canadian Student Magazine, pg. 68-71)

bit.ly/2EqNJ1I 



The Benefits of Volunteering After Graduation 

bit.ly/2gZfRkB





















Communications & Events CoordinatorUBC Department of Asian Studies



University of British Columbia

Department of Asian Studies









Dear Hiring Committee,

I am a community builder and communications professional passionate about education and inter-cultural, inter-generational learning. For the past 7 years, I have worked in non-profit and public school settings, utilizing my marketing, communications, and program management skills to support student leadership programs. Dedicated to developing a deeper understanding of Asian culture as a first-generation immigrant from Taiwan,  I believe my skills and values will be an asset to the UBC Asian Studies Department. 

In the realms of communications, I specialize in digital content development, youth engagement marketing,  and graphic design. Most recently at YWCA Metro Vancouver, I  implemented a communications strategy for multi-stakeholder engagement to  promote our Youth Education Programs. I created a streamlined social media strategy to recruit our youth participants and volunteers,  and wrote client success stories to prepare impact reports to share with donors and business partners. Covering all Youth Education Program marketing responsibilities, I oversaw everything from webpage content development, to graphic design and marketing research.

The YWCA was also where I first dove into event planning, later transitioning to a program management role where I supervised a team of volunteers and ran community education events to upwards of 500 guests. I love bringing people together through events, and currently work with local organizations on a freelance basis as an event planner. 

Right now, I am also a Youth Settlement Worker at the Richmond School District, leading after-school programs and providing  support for newcomer high school students. This role has enriched my passion for creating meaningful, educational  pathways for students, and built my cultural-competency through working with international and immigrant students and families. 

I am looking for a new challenge which will allow me to combine my events and communication skills; to work with a team like the Asian Studies Department would be an additional cherry on top as I explore my Asian-Canadian identity.

I  hope we get the chance to work together.



Peggy Chen