Peggy Chen(she/her)

778.889.0967 pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































UBC Centre for Migration - Engagement Strategist





My personal mission is to see local communities engaged and connected, leading to healthier, happier, and more resilient futures. I believe community groups and everyday citizens have the potential to advance social change, as long as equitable and inclusive engagement processes are in place. For the past decade, I have focused my efforts on facilitating these processes, and I am looking to grow and learn more with your team. 

Experienced in non-profit sectors, I have worked in small-medium sized charitable organizations and K-12 public school settings, managing projects focused on youth leadership, gender equality, and newcomer settlement. Currently, I am a Community Schools Coordinator at the Vancouver School Board, where I facilitate neighbourhood partnerships and lead a team of staff to improve student and family school experiences through programming and events, informed by meaningful engagement and dialogue. My previous experiences have allowed me to collaborate with groups from a wide range of sectors, including private businesses, universities, and government - for everything from multi-year projects and short-term workshops.

My passion for social change and equality is what first sparked my interest in non-profit work. Although I have since learned that systems change needs to happen on all levels for progressive community-building, my focus on centering equity and justice in what I do has not changed. Combining my life experiences as a racialized, settler-immigrant woman, with years of experience working with underrepresented groups, including youth, newcomers, Indigenous groups, and women and gender-diverse folks, I am committed to designing engagement processes that are inclusive of diverse voices. 

Recently, when I noticed that my team’s vision to serve children and families from at-risk backgrounds was not informed by those very groups, I started the team’s first justice and equity committee, bringing an anti-racist, anti-oppressive lens into our work, with a focus on engaging with and elevating the voices of BIPOC members of our school communities. This committee has mandated that anti-racism and inclusion training be provided for staff and partners that lead programs in schools.

At the heart of my personal mission is teamwork and collaboration - as much as this mission is mine, I know I cannot achieve it alone. This is where MODUS and I can connect. The wide range of projects your team has worked on excite me, and we share many values. I believe my skills will be an asset to your team’s renewed vision and mission. 

I hope we get the chance to work together.

Peggy Chen