Peggy Chen



778.889.0967

pichen45@gmail.com



http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









ㅡ



Community & Volunteer Engagement Initiatives: 



CityHive 30Network: Young Arrivals

bit.ly/2zf68PY 



Youth Ambassadors Program Canada

bit.ly/2Ct8DO4 



Richmond’s Storybook

bit.ly/2xTWeNN



YWCA Metro Vancouver Youth Education & Leadership Programs

bit.ly/2LwyNSO 



Equal Voice: Daughters of the Vote

bit.ly/2xYRNTw



SFU: RADIUS Fellowship

bit.ly/2xUoJ2N



Blog: The Benefits of Volunteering After Graduation 

bit.ly/2gZfRkB

























Program Manager.

Youth Engagement Strategist.

Creative Community Developer. 



Job ID 32121: Educational Programs Coordinator

UBC Centre for Community Engaged Learning

CIRS Building, 2260 West Mall

Vancouver, BC V5T 1Z4

Dear Ms. Jill Porter & HR Committee,

I believe we are all responsible for building the communities we want to live in, and that being aware of community issues and needs  is crucial to being an active citizen. This belief has been key to my career; I spent the past 6 years in non-profit and education sectors, where I oversaw youth development and community engagement programs. By joining UBC’s CCEL as a Educational Programs Coordinator, I am confident that my experience  and values will shine with your team.

Working in local non-profit organizations, including YWCA Metro Vancouver, Check Your Head, and S.U.C.C.E.S.S., has allowed me to oversee diverse themes of youth-focused work, including gender equality, poverty reduction, and migrant justice. Currently, as a Youth Settlement Worker with the Richmond School District, I bring my background  with NGO’s into classroom and school environments, where I facilitate settlement and integration programs for newcomer high school students to learn about the Richmond community, become active volunteers, and develop social networks. 

I am often commended for my interpersonal communication skills with various groups and audiences, including volunteers, donors, media, businesses, and government, with strong abilities to easily connect and collaborate with others. I am also a trained facilitator and public speaker, having run workshops, public discussions, and talks for groups ranging from 10-1000+ participants. 

Having worked mainly with small non-profit groups, I learnt to be adaptable to my responsibilities  and developed valuable technical skills, including grant-writing, budget management, event-planning and database management. At the YWCA, I  led two major government-funded projects, utilizing  the skill sets above, as well as overseeing project evaluations and reporting. 

I am a connector at heart even outside work-life,  having started Small Neighbourhood Grant projects focused on diversity and inclusion, and participated in local and national civic engagement initiatives.  I would be delighted to link my personal and professional dedication for community-building by joining UBC’s Centre for Community Engaged Learning.

I hope we get the chance to work and shape communities together.

Peggy Chen