Peggy Chen

| Digital Content Strategist. | Project & Events Manager. | Creative Community Developer.



778.889.0967

pichen45@gmail.com



http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy



ㅡ



Digital Media & Design Samples:



Graphic Design: YWCA Annual Report

bit.ly/2w5zHBr



Graphic Design: HR Infographic

bit.ly/2hx9RjM



Video: YWCA Youth Programs (Strategic Planning & Storyboard)

youtu.be/apcwTFr3Uxg



Web Maintenance & Development:YWCA Youth Programsbit.ly/2wxFJaf





Writing Samples:



Event Recap: Global Citizen Live in Vancouver bit.ly/2Bnf58g 



The Benefits of Volunteering After Graduation 

bit.ly/2gZfRkB



Blog Posts: Peggy Chen at YWCA Metro Vancouver 

bit.ly/2w5U8hK

















Job ID: 32538 - Communications CoordinatorUBC Equity & Inclusion Office

University of British Columbia

Equity & Inclusion Office

Vancouver Campus

2306 – 1874 East Mall

Vancouver, BC Canada V6T 1Z1



Dear Mr. Marko Pajalic and HR Advisors, 

I am a creative community developer interested in using design and digital storytelling  to support social movements. For the past 7 years, I have worked in non-profit and education sectors, utilizing my communications, event planning and program management  skills to support youth engagement initiatives. As a communications professional and social  advocate for equity, diversity and inclusion,  I believe I would be an asset to the your team. 

My background is in non-profit Marketing and Communications, primarily  with youth-focused organizations,  specializing in digital content development, social media marketing and graphic design. I excel naturally in creative digital  roles, and am interested in the ways in which media and content can engage with inter-generational audiences. 

Most recently at  YWCA Metro Vancouver, I  implemented a communications strategy for multi-stakeholder engagement to  promote our Youth Education Programs. I created a streamlined social media strategy for our youth participants,  and used client success stories to prepare impact reports to share with donors and business partners through traditional print productions.

Two years ago, I made a transition from working in marketing to where I am now—running youth programs at the Richmond School District. I am a Youth Settlement Worker, leading after-school programs and providing one-to-one support for newcomer high school students, creating a pathway to inclusion within diverse, inter-cultural communities. I keep pace with my love for writing and digital storytelling through volunteering and freelance work, most recently as a volunteer Social Media Lead for Minerva BC. 

Making this career shift has  made me a more effective communicator. Online and offline , I have been commended for my interpersonal communication skills with diverse stakeholders, including internal clients like donors, staff and volunteers, and external partners like businesses, media, and government. 

I  am a connector and advocate for social change even outside work-life; passionate about gender and race equity, I am working on projects that promote the two. I am seeking a new challenge that allows me to promote just and  equitable values in the community, and believe the Communications Coordinator role with the Equity Office  is the perfect fit. 

I  hope we get the chance to work together.

Peggy Chen