Peggy Chen(she/her)

778.889.0967 pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































UBC Centre for Student Involvement and CareersEducator, Student Involvement & Careers



Dear Hiring Committee,

My personal mission is to see local communities engaged and connected, leading to healthier, happier, and more resilient futures. For the past decade, I have worked with students and youth, encouraging and developing their leadership potential to become community-engaged learners. Seeing the difference that numerous students have made in their communities, I am inspired to continue cultivating youth and student potential in a university setting. 

Experienced in non-profit sectors, I have worked in small-to-medium-sized charitable organizations and K-12 public school settings, managing projects focused on youth leadership and capacity building. Currently, I am a Community Schools Coordinator at the Vancouver School Board, where I facilitate partnerships between schools and neighbourhood organizations, and lead a team of staff who deliver out-of-school-time programs and enhanced learning services for students. 

Day-to-day, I am involved in facilitating research consultation processes to identify service gaps, creating connections between school stakeholders and community partners, and overseeing program curriculum design, linking all program outcomes to academic disciplines and school curriculum. Passionate about equity and accessibility, I am proud of my efforts in starting my team’s first diversity and inclusion committee, which has mandated that all of our partner program staff must complete anti-racism and inclusion training as part of fostering a safe and inclusive campus community.

One of the most rewarding aspects of my role is being able to support high-school students in their transition to post-secondary studies. Prior to working at the school board, I worked with university-aged students in leadership and career development programs, where I found fulfillment in seeing students thrive through co-curricular and extra-curricular opportunities. During my time at Simon Fraser University as a student, I was the Team Lead of a student organization called AIESEC, which involved liaising with university faculty, staff, partners, and the student body to promote our international work exchange program. 

Transitioning from the K-12 education system, I am looking for a shift to support students in a post-secondary setting, and I believe I would be a great asset to your team. I hope we get the chance to work together.

Peggy Chen