Peggy Chen(she/her)

778.889.0967 pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































UBC Centre for Community Engaged Learning - Engagement Advisor



Dear Hiring Committee,

My personal mission is to see local communities engaged and connected, leading to healthier, happier, and more resilient futures. Following an asset-based community development approach, I believe everyday citizens have the potential to advance social change. For the past decade, I have focused my efforts on facilitating community development opportunities, and I am looking to grow and learn more with your team. 

Experienced in non-profit sectors, I have worked in small-to-medium-sized charitable organizations and K-12 public school settings, managing projects focused on youth and student leadership. Currently, I am a Community Schools Coordinator at the Vancouver School Board, where I facilitate partnerships between schools and neighbourhood groups, and lead a team of staff who deliver out-of-school-time programs and services to students and families. Day-to-day, I am involved in facilitating consultation processes to identify service gaps, creating connections between school stakeholders and community partners, and overseeing program curriculum design.

My team’s programs operate on a tri-mentorship model between children, youth, and adult program facilitators. One of the most rewarding aspects of my job is seeing the growth of students as active contributors to their community—many program participants return as youth volunteers, or are later hired back as program staff.

Now experienced in the K-12 education system, I am looking for a shift to support students in a post-secondary setting. Prior to working at the school board, I worked with university-aged students in leadership and career development programs, where I found fulfillment in seeing students thrive through opportunities like community volunteer placements, tackling social issues that complemented their academic learning. 

I believe my values and experiences, including my hopes for a community-engaged city, are aligned with that of UBC’s Centre for Community Engaged Learning, and that I would be a great asset to your team. I hope we get the chance to work together.

Peggy Chen