Peggy Chen  (she/her)       									

pichen45@gmail.com  |  778.889.0967  |  Vancouver, BC |  https://www.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy 

FIFA World Cup 26™Volunteer Manager- Vancouver



Dear Hiring Team,

When I volunteered with the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics, I was inspired by the power of major sporting events to unite communities, create lasting memories, and spark civic pride. That experience is one of my core memories from growing up in Vancouver and helped shape my lifelong commitment to volunteerism and community engagement. With over a decade of leadership in the non-profit and public sectors, I am excited by the opportunity to support FIFA World Cup 26™ as Volunteer Manager for Vancouver and help deliver an inclusive and unforgettable tournament experience for all.

Some highlights of my experience that align with this role include:

End-to-end volunteer journey leadership: Most recently, I served as Volunteer Lead for the Chinatown Celebration Society’s Fire Dragon Festival, overseeing volunteers through recruitment, training, scheduling, and on-site coordination. I developed volunteer appreciation strategies and strengthened partnerships with civic organizations to support one of Chinatown’s signature cultural events.

Strategic stakeholder liaison and city planner in municipal government: As Inclusion Planner with the City of Richmond, I lead public engagement initiatives that prioritize equity and accessibility. I collaborate closely with internal departments, neighbouring municipalities, and community organizations to develop and strengthen partnerships, bringing strong political acumen to navigate complex, multi-partner projects.

Over a decade of volunteer development and engagement in the non-profit sector: From leading a national volunteer leadership committee at YWCA Canada to developing regional volunteer programs at the Vancouver School Board, I have experience designing meaningful volunteer journeys for diverse audiences. This includes equity-deserving groups such as people with disabilities, newcomers, and youth.

I am passionate about social impact and uniting people through shared purpose. I bring a strategic, human-centered approach to volunteer management with a strong focus on making volunteer experiences accessible, inclusive, and empowering. I would be proud to contribute to the success of FIFA World Cup 26™ by leading a meaningful and impactful volunteer program in my home — the Host City Vancouver!

Sincerely,Peggy Chen