Peggy Chen

Project & Events Manager. 

Youth Engagement Strategist. Creative Community Developer.



778.889.0967

pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































Vancouver School BoardCommunity Schools Coordinator Job #2684411









Dear Hiring Manager,

As an experienced facilitator and program manager for community youth programs, in public school and community non-profit settings,  I was drawn to the Community Schools Coordinator  position with Vancouver School Board to advance child and youth development in Metro Vancouver. With sound knowledge of the public school system  from currently working at the Richmond School District, and experiences as a community resource connector from working in various youth-focused organizations, I believe I would be an asset to the Vancouver School Board’s team. 

Working in local non-profit organizations, including YWCA Metro Vancouver, Check Your Head, and S.U.C.C.E.S.S., has allowed me to oversee diverse themes of youth-focused programs, including gender equality, poverty reduction, and migrant justice. Currently, as a Youth Settlement Worker with the Richmond School District, I bring my background  with NGO’s into classroom and school environments, where I facilitate settlement and integration after-school programs for newcomer high school students to learn about the Richmond community, become active volunteers, and develop social networks. 

I am often commended for my interpersonal communication skills with various groups and audiences, including volunteers, donors, media, businesses, and government, with strong abilities to easily connect and collaborate with others. I am also a trained facilitator and public speaker, having run workshops, public discussions, and talks for groups ranging from 10-1000+ participants. 

Having worked mainly with small non-profit groups, I learnt to be adaptable to my responsibilities  and developed valuable technical skills, including grant-writing, budget management, event-planning and database management. At the YWCA, I  led two major government-funded projects, utilizing  the skill sets above, as well as overseeing project evaluations and reporting, and volunteer management and training.

The Community Schools Connector seems like a unique opportunity to connect VSB students with community resources and programs out of school time; I am deeply passionate about providing youth education experiences outside the classroom, and feel like this role allows me to marry my skill-sets, values, and experiences. 

I hope we get the chance to work together to support students and their leadership potential to foster healthy and engaged communities. 

Peggy Chen