Peggy Chen

Settlement Services Worker.Project & Events Manager.Creative Community Developer.



778.889.0967

pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































Vancouver School BoardMulti-Cultural Liaison Worker #2660007















Dear Hiring Manager,

As an experienced facilitator and program manager for community youth programs, with focuses on settlement services and international exchanges, I was drawn to the Multi-Cultural Liaison Worker position with Vancouver School Board’s District Reception & Placement Centre (DRPC) to assist students and their families as they transition to Canada. With sound knowledge of Metro Vancouver’s education system from currently working at the Richmond School District, and past experience as a newcomer youth, I believe I would be an asset to the Vancouver School Board’s DRPC team. 

I joined the Richmond School District’s Settlement Workers in Schools (SWIS) team last year as a Youth Settlement Worker and had the pleasure of launching the Newcomer Youth Program for high-school students. In this position, I plan and run after-school and lunch programs for newcomer students to connect with one another, provide one-to-one support for students, and help students build community connections through field-trips and guidance to local resource centres. 

Although SWIS’ main cliential is immigrant families, I also frequently work with international students as the main cultural support worker at schools, providing cultural interpretation and translation services for clients and school staff. This experience has allowed me to learn about the processes of the school system, knowledge that I can transfer to the Vancouver School Board. 

I am looking to further my career path of working with students through the public school system, but am looking to move into the City of Vancouver. I believe this transition from the Richmond School District to the Vancouver School Board as a Multi-Cultural Liaison Worker will be a smooth transition given my experience as a Youth Settlement Worker. 

I hope we get the chance to work together to support students, their families, and the school community through a culturally inclusive setting. 

Peggy Chen