Dear Hiring Team,

Social development is at the heart of my career—mobilizing social change for under-represented, equity-deserving communities to thrive. With over a decade of experience leading EDI initiatives in Metro Vancouver through charities, schools, and local government agencies, I am passionate about bringing people, teams, and partners together to do good within organizations and the community. I believe my skills in EDI and team leadership in public sectors will be an asset to Vancouver Coastal Health’s EDI department as the Manager of Equity Diversity and Inclusion. Currently, I am a social policy Planner in local government at the City of Richmond, where I provide city-wide leadership, education, and advice on EDI topics to City Council, City staff, and partners as they relate to policy planning and community development. Through policy and research, project management, and stakeholder engagement, I influence the City’s role in responding to topics such as multiculturalism, anti-racism, Truth and Reconciliation, accessibility and inclusion of 2SLGBTQI+ groups, newcomers, Indigenous communities, and racialized communities. In addition, I oversee the implementation of the City’s Cultural Harmony Plan, guiding the City’s strategies and actions on cultural equity and inclusion in partnership with community stakeholders.EDI work should be collaborative, and I appreciate the diverse perspectives of team members and partners when working together to embed EDI principles and practices. At the City, I supervise junior Planners and Planning Assistants, providing leadership and mentorship in managing social development projects. In my former role at the Vancouver School Board, I managed a team of staff and volunteers, providing leadership and strategic direction on program design, planning, and evaluations for over 20 schools. Centring EDI in the communities we serve is vital to me—continuous conversations with partner organizations, program participants, and the general public to understand ever-changing needs and experiences inform my work as a change agent in any team and organization.I am proud to have developed and led EDI initiatives to influence inclusive behaviours and practices. At the Vancouver School Board, I facilitated the development of the department’s first anti-racism and inclusion training, ensuring that staff and volunteers are well-equipped to support children and youth from equity-deserving backgrounds. The Manager of Equity Diversity and Inclusion role will allow me to further my commitment to EDI and social development with the community in mind. I hope we get the chance to work together to build an inclusive and diverse workforce that is equipped to serve communities with respect and equitable care. 

Peggy Chen



Peggy Chen (she/her) has been a champion for women and girls in Canada and across the globe for over 10 years. From front-line program service and education to policy development and board governance, She is a multi-disciplinary, community-engaged leader passionate about advancing gender equity across all levels. Experienced in charitable and public service organizations, including schools and government agencies, she values the impact of partnerships and the power of communities to achieve equitable and sustainable outcomes. Peggy is a former board director of the YWCA Canada, the country’s longest-standing women’s organization and a leading voice for women, girls, Two-Spirit and gender-diverse people, where she chaired the Young Women’s Leadership and Engagement Committee. An immigrant and settler from Taipei, Taiwan, Peggy is grateful to be living in Vancouver, Canada on the unceded traditional territories of the xʷməθkʷəy̓əm (Musqueam), Sḵwx̱wú7mesh (Squamish), and səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh) Nations.