Peggy Chen

| Digital Content Strategist. | Project & Events Manager. | Creative Community Developer.



778.889.0967

pichen45@gmail.com



http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy



ㅡ



Writing Samples:



Event Recap: A Night of Music, Gender Equality and Climate Action

bit.ly/2Bnf58g



Blog Posts: Youth Engagement & Volunteer Recruitment at YWCA 

bit.ly/2w5U8hK



The Benefits of Volunteering After Graduation 

bit.ly/2gZfRkB



Digital Media & Design Samples:



Video: YWCA Youth Programs (Strategic Planning & Storyboard)

youtu.be/apcwTFr3Uxg



Web Maintenance & Development:YWCA Youth Programsbit.ly/2wxFJaf



Graphic Design: YWCA Annual Report

bit.ly/2w5zHBr



Social Media Recruitment Campaign: YWCA Youth Committee

bit.ly/2HlzmeH 

























Communications CoordinatorWomen Transforming CitiesCanadian Research Institute for the Advancement of Women 

				





Dear Ms. Rebecca Bateman,

I am a community builder and communications professional passionate about social and economic justice for women and girls. For the past 7 years, I have worked in non-profit and public school settings, utilizing my marketing, communications, and program management skills to support youth leadership programs. Outside of work, I am a dedicated  volunteer to several women’s organizations, including YWCA Canada and G(irls)20.  I believe my skills and values are a fit for your Communications Coordinator position. 

In the realms of marketing and communications, I specialize in digital content development, youth engagement marketing,  and graphic design. Most recently at YWCA Metro Vancouver, I  implemented a communications strategy for multi-stakeholder engagement to  promote our Youth Education Programs. I created a streamlined social media strategy to recruit our youth participants and volunteers,  and wrote client success stories to prepare impact reports to share with donors and business partners. Covering all Youth Education Program marketing responsibilities, I oversaw everything from webpage content development, to graphic design and marketing research.

Online and offline, I have been commended for my interpersonal communication skills with various groups and audiences, including students, donors, businesses, media, and government; I know how to best communicate and when, with strong abilities to tailor messages for diverse audiences. 

Having worked mainly with small non-profit groups, I learnt to be adaptable to my responsibilities  and developed valuable technical skills, including grant-writing, budget management, event-planning and database management. At the YWCA, I  led two major government-funded projects, utilizing  the skill sets above, as well as overseeing project evaluations and reporting, and volunteer management and training.

I am a strong believer in doing work that creates more equitable futures. I have worked and actively volunteered in women’s organizations for over 5 years, and participated in programs focused on young women and political participation, including Equal Voice’s Daughters of the Vote. As a young women of colour who is often affected by barriers to political participation, I believe in standing up for diverse women to ensure that our cities are built for all.

Meaningful communication and storytelling is key in gaining  supporters for social justice movements. I believe I would be an asset to your team and hope we get the chance to work together.



Peggy Chen