Peggy Chen(she/her)

778.889.0967 pichen45@gmail.com





http://ca.linkedin.com/in/chenpeggy









































YMCA of Greater Vancouver Director, Youth and Community Wellness



Dear Hiring Committee,

My personal mission is to see local communities engaged and connected, leading to healthier, happier, and more resilient futures. I believe everyday citizens have the potential to make a difference. And, from my decade of experience working with youth, I believe young people are at the forefront of social change. I believe my values align with what your team is looking for in the Director of Youth and Community Wellness. 

Experienced in non-profit sectors, I have worked in small-to-medium-sized charitable organizations and K-12 public school settings, managing projects focused on youth leadership and community engagement. Currently, I am a Community Schools Coordinator at the Vancouver School Board, where I facilitate partnerships between schools and neighbourhood groups, and lead a team of staff and volunteers who deliver out-of-school-time programs and services to children and youth. Day-to-day, I am involved in facilitating consultation processes to identify service gaps, creating connections between school stakeholders and community partners, and overseeing program curriculum design.

Well-versed in social services and the charitable sector, I previously worked in local non-profit organizations, including the YWCA Metro Vancouver and S.U.C.C.E.S.S., and I am currently a board member of YWCA Canada. As a dynamic leader who has worked in direct-service programming, marketing, and communications, I have a clear understanding of the social impact of charitable causes, which has benefited the philanthropic efforts of these organizations. 

Lastly, I am a past participant of the YMCA’s Y Nexus program, which focused on youth and community. Taking part in this youth program greatly benefited my leadership development, and I hold fond memories from the connections I’ve built as a result of the YMCA. This lasting impression is part of what drew me to this role.

I believe my values and experiences are aligned with that of YMCA of Greater Vancouver, and that I would be a great asset to your team. I hope we get the chance to work together.

Peggy Chen