Peggy Chen

(she/her)



778.889.0967 

pichen45@gmail.com















































YWCA Metro VancouverAssociate Director, Employment and Community Programs— 

Dedicated to fostering inclusive, equitable, and accessible communities through program management, strategic planning, and advocacy, I am excited about the opportunity to contribute my skills and values as the Associate Director of Employment and Community Programs with YWCA Metro Vancouver, where I first began my journey in non-profit leadership.

With a deep commitment to Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, and Accessibility (IDEA), I have led teams and managed programs designed to advance equity and accessibility. Currently, as a Social Planner with the City of Richmond, I provide city-wide leadership on IDEA best practices, overseeing newcomer services, anti-racism, reconciliation, and cultural equity initiatives. My role includes managing programs, engaging stakeholders such as City Council and community agencies, and leading the implementation of the City’s Cultural Harmony Plan to ensure IDEA values are embedded in all facets of program design, strategic planning, and community engagement.

Previously, at the Vancouver School Board, I managed community service programs for 24 schools, leading and coaching a team that supported children, youth, and families from marginalized backgrounds. My collaborative approach to leadership and commitment to equity has allowed me to foster high-performing teams, empowering staff and volunteers to deliver impactful programs, including employment and job-readiness initiatives for youth and newcomer parents. I am proud to have introduced the department’s first anti-racism training for staff, ensuring our programs were inclusive and rooted in a deep understanding of cultural safety.

Over a decade ago at YWCA Metro Vancouver, I led communications and advocacy efforts showcasing the impact of the organization’s services and oversaw a youth leadership program. I later served as a Board Director at YWCA Canada, where I strengthened regional capacity and led initiatives that supported young women’s leadership across the country. It would be an honour to return to the YWCA and bring my passion for gender equity and inclusive leadership to the Employment and Community Programs portfolio, continuing to advance the YWCA’s critical work in supporting women and families through accessible and inclusive employment pathways.

I hope we get the chance to work together!



Peggy Chen